{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Chapter 25\line\line A kiss is supposed to be a romantic act, but this one only felt threatening, as if it intended to force its way in if resisted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was no mere illusion.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich bit down hard enough on his own lips to draw blood. The bitten corners of his mouth split open. The sting spread without resistance from the torn flesh. Swallowing back sobs, Lisbell spoke in a deeply immersed tone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theodore\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theodore.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What exactly did you do with Theodore?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As expected, even that name had become a means to push the current humiliating and degrading situation further. The name of her fianc\'e9, slipping from his sinful lips, was horrifying.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unable to respond, Ulrich pressed his fingers against her tear-streaked cheek and then withdrew them.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If this is how you kiss, it\rquote s obvious you haven\rquote t had sex.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A strange spark flickered in the man\rquote s eyes as he muttered lowly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell recognized those eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
On a chilly night when the wind blew across the lawn, he had playfully tied her necktie in the pavilion. During that nerve-wracking moment, Ulrich, while tying the tie, had soon\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Like this, he had tried to kiss roughly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The previous kiss now seemed like child\rquote s play as Ulrich frantically sucked on her lips. His grip on the nape of her neck tightened, preventing any escape. His excitement throbbed within, pinching and stirring his core.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh! Mm\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His tongue plunged into Lisbell\rquote s mouth, threatening to take over, stabbing deeply as if to control her breath. Unlike the tender bird kisses she\rquote d shared with Theodore, which were light and fleeting, this was seething with terrifying passion.\par
\par
 \par
\par
From the start, he twisted his tongue around hers, teasingly violating her, then later pulled her entire tongue into his mouth to suck. Her face grew hot, and her mouth filled with saliva. Their overlapping, parting lips were already a saliva-drenched mess. The scene was unbelievably obscene.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He leisurely rolled his tongue, savoring every corner of her wet mouth. His kiss was erratic, switching from fast to slow, urgent to leisurely, showcasing excessive indulgence like an unpredictable jest.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whatever it was, her chest swelled as if it would burst. She had never felt so suffocated in her life. It felt as if an invisible hand was strangling her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Huh!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s delicate violet eyes quivered. Ulrich\rquote s hand boldly slid inside her skirt, tracing the line of her underwear on her thin thighs. His touch was so explicit that she felt humiliated.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Withdrawing his head, Ulrich released her tormented lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Breathing heavily, he groped inside her skirt while staring her in the face. Despite his neat, shining face, his hand gestures were vulgar.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell flinched repeatedly. The weight pressing subtly on her lower abdomen was unsettling. When they had tumbled together on the sofa in the parlor, she had felt Ulrich\rquote s erection stiff against her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His hand, which had been probing between her legs, circled around to grab her buttocks. Squeezing hard enough to make her twitch like having a fit, the obscene touch was unprecedented. The intent behind his touch was clear and it made her skin crawl.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh, mm.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he spread her buttocks apart and rubbed the cleft connecting to her intimate area with his long middle finger, the touch was excruciatingly stimulating. Even though he wasn\rquote t touching her bare skin, just rubbing over the cloth, it felt as if her skin was being rubbed raw.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Your butt is small. It fits in one hand.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mm\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Are your breasts this small too? Then there\rquote s nothing to fondle.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Muttering self-assessed remarks, he bent his head forward.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He caught the ribbon tied at her blouse neckline between his teeth and pulled without hesitation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The fabric slid smoothly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He took the top button between his teeth. Somehow, after a few chews, the button popped open.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he unbuttoned the second one, his hand continued to relentlessly rub her perineum. His intense desire to penetrate beyond the fabric was palpable. Lisbell felt utterly suffocated as he blocked her from all sides.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then a sharp moan escaped all at once.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He had undone the buttons down to her cleavage and pulled back the thin fabric. Her breasts, with their pink tips, lay almost weightlessly in his hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Small breasts and even smaller nipples.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s body shuddered once more. He grabbed the tiny breasts firmly, as if trying to gather up the small flesh. His strong grip felt like it would tear off her flat chest.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote With this, I doubt there\rquote s any pleasure in biting.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Muttering discontentedly, he enveloped the small mound with his mouth. The dreadful sensation shot painfully through her limbs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unintentionally struggling, Lisbell\rquote s nipple got caught painfully. She let out an incoherent moan and shook her head wildly. Her pale feet kicked the sheets fiercely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha, ha\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
No matter how flat, a breast was still a breast. Enveloped in hot, wet saliva, the nipple stiffened to a point. The prickling sensation spreading below her waist was strangely peculiar. The unfamiliar feeling surged, making her want to flee.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich greedily sucked on the small flesh filling his mouth, holding Lisbell\rquote s arms to immobilize her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The pale coral-colored nipple was soaked in his saliva. As his tongue flicked against it, it swelled and darkened slightly. He persistently rolled his tongue, savoring the hue. Each time, Lisbell\rquote s limbs trembled as if in torment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He had never seen a woman whose nipples weren\rquote t erogenous. Realizing she was feeling it, Ulrich laughed softly and sucked a mouthful of her breast.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, stop\'85! Please, stop\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
With tear-filled eyes, Lisbell begged. Ulrich ignored her. He merely tapped her buttocks lightly, while still hungrily suckling her breast.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite their modest size, her breasts were soft, with a comforting scent that made him want to bury his nose in them. It was a scent that imprinted not just on his nose but in his heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He continued his vulgar teasing, licking her nipples, and eventually freed her other breast from her bra.\par
\par
 \par
\par
By then, Lisbell\rquote s blouse was barely hanging on, exposing her breasts and navel. It couldn\rquote t even be considered as being worn.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After mashing his face against her flat breasts, Ulrich finally lifted his head. His large hands grabbed both her breasts at once. The nipples, helplessly rubbed by his tongue, stood erect, looking ripe and enticing. He liked how they had swollen, making them perfect for tormenting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Your nipples are hard.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dropping the remark as if to inform her, Lisbell, who had been hiding her face with her forearms, trembled. Even his casual flicks at her protruding nipples made her cheeks tremble. Her lips, exposed under her arm, quivered repeatedly. The unfamiliar contact was overwhelming. She desperately wished for it to end quickly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unable to bear it any longer, her crumpled lips parted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just do it\'85 Please\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Not this, anything but this.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Anything but what.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just shove it in?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His voice lowered, as if annoyed by the interruption of his amusement.\line\line\line\line Chapter 26\line\line\line A low, rumbling voice sharply pierced her ears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell nodded with trepidation. A faint chuckle slipped from his lips and fell to her face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If that\rquote s what you want.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without hesitation, Ulrich, who had made it clear this was all foreplay for her sake, lifted her skirt. At his brazen gesture, Lisbell inhaled sharply.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Move your arm.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If you do something distasteful one more time, I\rquote ll make sure your breasts are so swollen by tomorrow they pop out of your clothes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
At this chilling warning, Lisbell swallowed the saliva pooling in her mouth and reluctantly lowered her arm. Her vision, blurred with moisture, reflected the man\rquote s image. As she blinked against the stinging of her eyelids, a tear traced down her cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Only then did the man\rquote s face, slightly harder than his voice, become clear. His evident displeasure gripped and shook her heart. Even then, Ulrich\rquote s hands steadily worked, removing the underwear concealed beneath her skirt.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re wearing so many things.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He grumbled in annoyance, tossing the garments entwining her limbs onto the bed. Then he spread her legs wide. The unsettling clarity of his eyes, now seemingly focused on a tiny spot that had possibly just appeared, made her shudder.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His fingers brushed and rubbed against her vulva. Lisbell curled up like a wary animal.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Even here, it\rquote s so small.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Ugh\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Still, it\rquote s cute. Not a single blemish\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Saying it was pinker than her nipples, he pushed aside the clitoral hood like a cover. As he rubbed the soft flesh, he suddenly slipped his fingers inside. It was a direct friction at the entrance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
With just one knuckle in, the dry flesh contracted, expressing mild pain.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell bit her lip. She couldn\rquote t believe a stranger, someone other than her fianc\'e9 Theodore, was touching a place even he had never touched. She vaguely lamented her situation, wondering how it had come to this, when the sound of rustling fabric reached her ears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thump.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Something pressed firmly against the entrance. The dizzying contact caused her head to drop involuntarily.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Oh, a faint moan escaped Lisbell\rquote s lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Before she knew it, Ulrich had opened his trousers and pulled out his erect member, fixing his gaze on her vulva before looking up. Seeing her shocked expression, he smiled gently.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m circumcised.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is it that fascinating? You can\rquote t take your eyes off it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s shock wasn\rquote t due to this unexpected characteristic.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though his smooth, hairless genitalia were surprising, what truly stunned her was the size. She couldn\rquote t imagine anyone jokingly agreeing to take it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just brushing it with her palm revealed an unusual bulk. The engorged veins and its impressive length, striking her navel, were formidable. It was a weapon that didn\rquote t suit his handsome face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Now I\rquote m going to insert it, so stop looking. It\rquote s time to focus below.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Suddenly, he spread her lower parts. Her virgin entrance, tightly closed, resisted the invasive force, contracting tightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich frowned slightly at the strong grip that seemed like it could snap off his glans. Despite her intense clenching, her flesh persistently clung to his skin, showing a fierce determination to adapt to intercourse with a man.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Sorry, but I\rquote m in a hurry.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, ah!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
With a cursory apology, Ulrich thrust his length in all at once.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Shhhlk. The tight, wet space expanded excessively.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s eyes filled with tears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her insides felt squeezed and twisted. Her internal systems, normally unbothered, were in chaos, delivering immense pressure. The pain was a bonus. It felt like she was being torn apart. The burning, stinging sensation was unbearable. Tears flowed uncontrollably.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, ah\'85 ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not that wet\'85 but, after a few thrusts\'85 it\rquote ll get wet on its own.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His voice, strained between quick breaths, sounded rough. Consumed by excitement, he showed no concern for Lisbell\rquote s state, beginning to thrust his hips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ack! Wait\'85 ugh, ahh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her pained moans rolled off her tongue. Lisbell struggled like a person desperate to survive. Each deep thrust felt like a harpoon piercing her body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She had never experienced such intimate, delicate agony.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It felt like her insides, not the outside, were being damaged.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It felt like her body was splitting in half. Lisbell tried to close her legs in a desperate effort, but he stopped her. With her legs hooked over his arms, Ulrich slammed deep into her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I told you\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, ahi Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I said I\rquote d suck your breasts\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His voice, hoarse and low, was scolding. He seemed to be blaming her for rushing him to penetrate instead of continuing the foreplay.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But Lisbell barely heard any of it. She was too busy trying to steady her breath, feeling as if she might die.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What was this?\par
\par
 \par
\par
How could such an act exist in the world? Wasn\rquote t this torture? She had heard that sex was meant to be a pleasure between a man and a woman, but that was a lie. This was a nightmare. It was like experiencing hell while still alive.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85! Ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re so tight.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unlike Lisbell, who was in agony, Ulrich groaned in pleasure, enjoying the tight friction. His hand slid down to cup her hollowed-out knee. Leaning his body close, he bent her legs gently, thrusting his hips obscenely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Squelch, squelchi \par
\par
 \par
\par
His smooth shaft moved in and out, tearing her apart. It was like a white serpent eating through flesh. As a result, Lisbell\rquote s vagina, stretched wide, was already red and swollen.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you relax? What\rquote s the point of showing off your strength here?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, ah\'85! Ugh\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
When he lightly smacked her ass, her entire inner wall shook. The penis lodged inside twitched in response. Its suction was incredible. Clinging tightly, her flesh seemed to devour every bit of his vitality.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whenever she let go and fully received that sensation, a melting pleasure pierced her brain.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich showed no mercy, piston-thrusting in and out. The speed gradually increased until the sound of his thrusts against her perineum echoed like relentless, cruel blows.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell curled up each time, feeling like she was truly being whipped. Sometimes her mind would go numb. Her belly felt unbearably hot, as if she\rquote d swallowed fire, and the constantly opening and closing entrance seemed about to fall out. The sensation was shocking. That was all she could think.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Clearly experienced, Ulrich skillfully rotated his hips, driving his penis deep. He lowered his head, looking down at her pubic mound, slightly hairy, where her small hole was struggling to swallow his length. Feeling a pang of sympathy, he let his spit dribble down, spreading it with shallow thrusts, stirring her sticky insides.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was firm enough to feel constriction, yet not entirely unpleasant.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And most importantly\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You haven\rquote t even done this with your fianc\'e9, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Then, is this\'85 your first night with someone?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell opened her eyes dazedly. Her body kept jerking uncomfortably. Her crotch was constantly being rubbed, and the tender flesh throbbed from the unending penetration.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She felt like her stomach was being raked with claws as she looked up at Ulrich, who was smiling. It was the grin of a devil.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If that\rquote s true, then\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Shouldn\rquote t we\'85 be the ones getting married?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His low, spreading laughter was filled with mockery.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unable to hold back, Lisbell let her tears flow.\line\line\line\line Chapter 27\line\line\line\ldblquote Continuous thrust seemed to have loosened up your inner walls a bit compared to earlier.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh\'85 Ah! Ahh! Mm! Hah!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Catching his breath, he grabbed Lisbell\rquote s ankles again and deftly plunged inside her. The massive, swollen object throbbed as it entered, hitting deep within her walls.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whami It felt like being punched. Lisbell\rquote s buttocks clenched hard as evidence. Ulrich thoroughly pinned her down and rapidly moved in and out of the narrow passage. Each time his swollen flesh pounded and squelched inside, her limbs and body shuddered. It was an act that truly controlled her entire being.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The robust penis moved in and out incessantly, raising the hot, embarrassing heat. Lisbell, now short of breath, lifted her chin and contracted below her navel.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Amidst the overwhelming pain, there was a faint sense of arousal. But the pain still dominated. Lisbell\rquote s eyes, now out of focus, wandered in the air. Ulrich kissed her half-dazed mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Their bodies stuck together, racing toward the peak.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His forearm-sized cock relentlessly pumped below, creating obscene sounds all around. The once tight and constricting inside gradually loosened under the relentless thrusting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Soon, he filled her mouth with his tongue and climaxed. The semen, which he hadn\rquote t released alone for a long time, poured out thickly. Their joined lower bodies became soaked without any chance to hold back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As if regretful, he continued to move his hips, stimulating below even while ejaculating. The creamy fluid, tinged with light crimson, oozed out as his flesh invaded every intimate corner. The distinct, acrid smell of blood lingered somewhere.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh\'85 Hah.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The pent-up breath finally burst out of her mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was over.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Finally, it was over.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, her mind in shambles like a collapsed ruin, grabbed the sheets with trembling hands.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he slowly lifted his torso, having stayed inside for quite a while, he barely moved in time. Her clothes were already torn and disheveled, just barely clinging to her body rather than being worn.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She suddenly tensed her buttocks and flinched.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She felt something trickling down from her sore, swollen opening. It burned and stung, clearly indicating tears without needing to check. It had been an excruciating time.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But at least\'85 it was over.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell thought she had endured well, fighting the urge to vomit, as she wriggled out from under him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
But just before she could completely pull away, her ankle was seized, dragging her back to her original position. The shadow as dark as ash seemed to engulf her. Lisbell looked up in confusion.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unlike her, laid bare like an open gift box, Ulrich hadn\rquote t removed a single piece of clothing during the entire sex. Now, he was loosening the tie around his neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s over, right\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Over?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich sneered as he pulled out the tie.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Who said so?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His voice was harsh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No, his voice was still as smooth as silk. The intention conveyed to Lisbell within it was insidious.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In the sudden jolt of despair, Lisbell froze like an ice statue and slowly shook her head.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Once\'85 once was enough.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
In a desperate plea, she managed to utter, but he only chuckled as he began unbuttoning his shirt one by one. The image of his half-naked body at the pool, basking in the sun and radiating sensual allure, flashed before her eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Fear and confusion pooled at the edge of her reason. Tears, which she had forgotten in her pain, welled up again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I thought\'85 it was just once, and it\rquote s over\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha, where do you get such cute ideas?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The mockery was clear.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Do I have to go through this again?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Do I have to endure this countless times?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Panic washed over her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The act was so shocking that her consciousness seemed on the verge of breaking. The mere experience of being taken by a man she had never imagined a future with made her feel as if the world had collapsed. It was the first time she endured for the sake of her mother.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell knew she couldn\rquote t handle the repeated torment. But when she lifted her tearful face and met his eyes, she realized it was a forlorn hope.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich was smiling.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A dangerously beautiful smile that could devour her in an instant. His eyes, gleaming with excessive lust, were the most frightening. They were eyes that couldn\rquote t be reasoned with.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The warning lights in her head flared.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, forgetting her aching body, hurriedly moved her limbs. But before she could escape the bed, her hair was seized.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The pain felt like her scalp was tearing, bringing tears to her eyes. Her fragile body swayed before collapsing onto the sheets. The familiar weight pinned her down, making her nauseous.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Feeling the churning in her stomach, Lisbell struggled frantically. She didn\rquote t know what she was saying, only that she was begging to be released.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Keep your mouth shut, don\rquote t spoil the mood.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh, huh\'85 No, no\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m in a really good mood after such a long time, you know?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her delicate legs bore the imprint of his grip. Matching those marks, Ulrich resumed his earlier brutal actions. The unexpected resistance made him click his tongue in annoyance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Glaring menacingly for a moment, he calmly moved his hands like a predator targeting its prey.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A perilous gasp escaped Lisbell\rquote s mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She instinctively shook her head, only to choke herself further. Her limbs froze as she realized that Ulrich had tied her neck to the bedpost with the very black tie she had gifted him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The more she thrashed, the tighter the tie constricted her airway. The thought that her life was in jeopardy made her hesitant, her hand movements faltering.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mm\'85 It\rquote s suffocating, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich looked down at her trembling body, pressing her knees together. The swollen entrance, unable to handle the thick shaft, had torn, spilling out semen tinged with light crimson.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I mean\'85 Hah\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh, huh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite everything, her inner walls secreted some lubrication, making his glans slick. He rubbed it against her wet entrance before slowly inserting it. The flesh entered more smoothly than before, aided by the slickness of the expelled semen.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Watching the penetration with intense eyes, he inhaled deeply and thrust hard, as if to scramble her insides.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s body twisted in response. He pinned her hands to the sheets, interlocking their fingers in a tender yet cruel bind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Stay still.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh, huh\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Unless you want to choke to death\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her legs, spread wide around his sturdy body, trembled and turned pale. Each spasm made her insides grip him tighter.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich let out a satisfied groan. His breaths, soft and sweet, filled the room with the obscene sounds of flesh slapping against flesh. Beneath it, Lisbell\rquote s sobs of despair softly echoed.\line\line\line Chapter 28\line\line\line It hurts.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The first thought that came to mind as she woke up was that. Lisbell huddled her shoulders and let out a small cough. Her whole body ached and shivered as if she was about to come down with a severe fever. She lifted her unusually heavy eyelids to find herself in an unfamiliar environment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Gasp\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It didn\rquote t take long for her to realize where she was and what had happened the previous day.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell hurriedly sat up and stifled a silent scream. Her arms, legs, shoulders, waist\f1\emdash there wasn\rquote t a single part of her that didn\rquote t ache. Especially her lower back, which made her dread the idea of sitting down for the rest of the day.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She barely held back a groan and turned to look behind her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And once again, she had to stifle a silent scream.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The man who had seemed like a living devil last night was now sleeping with an angelic face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He didn\rquote t wake up even with her movement; his breathing was calm as he lay there.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, her face pale with fear, watched him for a moment before quietly getting out of bed. She couldn\rquote t suppress a painful groan as she moved, but the thought that he might wake up made her forcefully swallow the sound. As soon as she tightened her vocal cords for his sake, a sharp pain hit her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her whole body felt like a wreck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Realizing she was naked, Lisbell quietly got out of bed to find her clothes. She stiffened as she felt a liquid trickling down between her legs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t need to look to confirm it. She didn\rquote t want to. It would only make the memories of last night more vivid.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell looked around and found her clothes scattered around. She picked them up and sneaked towards the bathroom attached to the bedroom.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ah\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A lost sigh escaped her lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her reflection in the mirror was worse than she had imagined. Her face was swollen from the tears she had shed all night.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But what caught her attention more was her neck. It was bruised and discolored from being choked and rubbed by a tie all night. The pain she felt when she swallowed might have been from these wounds.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As soon as she touched her neck, pain shot through her. Lisbell blankly stared at the bruises encircling her neck before she slumped to the floor. Even though the ordeal was over and it was now morning, her heart still pounded. The pain left on her body caused these dreadful aftershocks.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Don\rquote t think about it, don\rquote\f0 t think about it\'85.\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
It\rquote s over now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
There\rquote s no need to think about it anymore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Last night, she secured a promise of mercy in exchange for her ordeal. She would resolve her mother\rquote s issues and return to Misley, where Theodore was.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then she could live as if nothing had happened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That\rquote\f0 s how it should be\'85.\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though her life could never be the same, at least she hadn\rquote\f0 t suffered to an unbearable extent\'85.\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
A wry smile formed. She knew better than anyone that repeating these words to herself in a corner was a poor consolation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But regret was futile. She had ultimately betrayed her trust with Theodore. It was a path she chose herself. Even regret was deceitful.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her eyelids stung. Tears welled up again from the accumulating thoughts. Lisbell wiped her tears with the back of her hand and quickly turned on the faucet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She hastily cleaned herself under the running water. It would have been nice if everything could just wash away, but it wasn\rquote t that simple. Struggling for a while, Lisbell eventually used her hand to part her buttock and push down on her lower abdomen. Only then did the thick s\f0 emen start to slip out. It felt horribly disgusting, like expelling something abnormal.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Seeing herself in the mirror like this, a wave of humiliation hit her. Fresh tears welled up, but the gushing water hid them. Under the warm water, Lisbell rubbed her eyes repeatedly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After hastily washing herself as if someone were chasing her, she quickly dried off and put on the clothes she had brought. The memory of the letter of mercy Ulrich had neatly signed yesterday came to mind as she buttoned her blouse.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Yesterday, definitely\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was in the third drawer.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She had endured all that just to get it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell left the bathroom and approached the desk. Glancing at the bed, she saw Ulrich still sleeping peacefully.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Click.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She opened the third drawer. Contrary to her expectations, it was empty. Her hand on the drawer handle froze in confusion.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She was sure he had put it there yesterday.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Was it not here?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Feeling bewildered, she hurriedly opened all the drawers above. But they were all empty. No matter how hard she searched, she couldn\rquote t find what she was looking for.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was then.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Pfft.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A chill ran down her spine.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell froze in place and slowly turned her head. Ulrich, who had been sound asleep just moments ago, was now awake and looking at her. Still lying comfortably, his arm draped over his forehead, he looked at her with languid eyes, as if enjoying the morning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Stealthily.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re moving like a cat again today.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t see a cute tail last night, though\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich yawned lightly, making nonsensical comments.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, crouched in front of the drawer, couldn\rquote t move. The air had turned sharp from the moment he laughed, but seeing the carefree man, it seemed only her air had stiffened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A weak nausea rose inside her. The reason he could be so relaxed after such a degrading night\'85 could only be because he had experienced many such nights before.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not there.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I moved it, of course.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, slowly stretching his neck side to side, spoke quietly. Unlike her, who had been frantically covering herself and heading to the bathroom, he unabashedly displayed his naked body without a hint of shame.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell quickly turned her head away. When she had seen him at the swimming pool before, she couldn\rquote t find a place to look. Now, she turned away because she feared the memories of last night would resurface.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ignoring her reaction, he put on a robe from the wing chair. Tying the belt loosely, he barely covered himself and approached the desk where Lisbell was sitting with a cigarette in his mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I figured you\rquote d look for it first thing with red eyes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Isn\rquote t your business with me finished?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did you sleep well?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ulrich.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you hungry?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go down for breakfast.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Am I talking to a person or a wall? \par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell glared at Ulrich, who shamelessly ignored her words.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He, standing right in front of her, slowly bent his knees and squatted down.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh dear.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
With a cigarette in his mouth, he clicked his tongue as he reached out to touch her neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Your pretty neck is a mess.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Sorry. I tend to lose sight of everything when I get excited.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His approaching hand looked like a dark abyss. Reflexively, Lisbell slapped it away. The sound echoed through the spacious bedroom, breaking the silence and making the air feel sharp.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell was more surprised by her actions than anyone else.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She had never treated anyone like this before, making her own reaction unfamiliar and causing her to resent Ulrich for making her feel this way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She bit her lip and then let go.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m fine\'85I don\rquote t need breakfast\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please give me the letter of mercy.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s really over now. I just want to go back to Misley. Please.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She wanted to shout and demand it right away, but she didn\rquote t have the letter in her possession yet. As long as it was in Ulrich\rquote s hands, she had to be compliant. Given his unpredictable behavior, who knew what bizarre act he might commit if his mood soured.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, looking down at his slapped hand, smiled.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, avoiding his eyes, flinched when he suddenly grabbed her chin firmly. His face drew close, startling her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I said, let\rquote s have breakfast first.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t make me repeat myself. I really hate that.\rdblquote\line\line\line\line Chapter 29\line\line\line It was not a force that could be escaped by sheer will alone. Even without the problem of physical strength, Lisbell could not refuse this touch. The mockery, with the letter of mercy as its price, continued from night into the morning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell looked at the man with tearful eyes. His formerly indifferent expression softened, and he released her slender jaw. The same hand that had forcibly spread her legs many times yesterday gently caressed her cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll give it to you after breakfast.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Come down with me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without waiting for a response, Ulrich got up and headed for the door. Lisbell, who had been sitting listlessly like she did in the reception room, finally pushed herself up from the floor after a delay.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her legs trembled. Her whole body felt as if it had been bitten by a beast, and she was overcome with a slight nausea. The thought of having to eat in front of this man only made her symptoms worse.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But she couldn\rquote t give up the letter of mercy, so she quietly followed him. As they descended the stairs, she became acutely aware of the dire state of her body. The thought of returning to Misley in this condition felt overwhelming.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The dining room was absurdly large for a space meant for just one person. Lisbell sat beside Ulrich, who took the head seat. As soon as they were seated, a servant, who seemed to be a long-time employee like a mother, quietly served the meal.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell stared at Ulrich without touching her food. He noticed her gaze as he took a sip of coffee to wake himself up and smirked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After calling a servant and giving instructions that Lisbell couldn\rquote t hear, the door to the dining room opened, and Victor appeared.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I brought what you asked for.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor placed the paper in front of him. Lisbell immediately recognized it as the letter of mercy she had been desperately searching for since morning. As she watched it, Victor leaned over and whispered in Ulrich\rquote s ear.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote And she just returned.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What should I do?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What else? She should report immediately.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich laughed softly as he noticed her lack of interest. He motioned for Victor to come closer again and whispered more instructions. Victor glanced at Lisbell, sighed, and nodded.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After the secretary left, Ulrich picked up his glass.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Eat something. You haven\rquote t had a proper meal since last night.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He pointed at Lisbell\rquote s untouched plate. His apparent concern was infuriating. He was the one who had robbed her of her appetite.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not hungry.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The man who knew better than anyone else still asked. It became clear that his question was a command.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell reluctantly picked up her fork. She speared a grilled mushroom, which looked easy to swallow, and pushed it into her mouth. The mushroom\rquote s unique flavor spread, but her nausea persisted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Forcing down a few bites, Victor returned. He placed the items he brought beside Ulrich and left. One was Lisbell\rquote s luggage, left in the reception room yesterday, and the other was a neat white scarf.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After placing the luggage under her chair, Ulrich unfolded the scarf. He reached out to Lisbell.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Startled, her eyes met his cold, sharp gaze. It was a silent warning. If she swatted his hand away like before, he wouldn\rquote t let it slide. So, she didn\rquote t move as he tied the scarf around her neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her hand holding the fork trembled. Memories of yesterday flooded back. What if he choked her with this scarf like he did with the tie last night?\par
\par
 \par
\par
While she struggled to calm her shaking mind, Ulrich\rquote s hand withdrew. The scarf hid the bruises on her neck. Lisbell touched the scarf with a bitter expression.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hmm?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He answered with a smile in his eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Because I thought you\rquote d want to cover it?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Cover what? From whom?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Puzzled, Lisbell stared at him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knock, knock. The sound of someone knocking broke the silence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Come in,\rdblquote  Ulrich said in his characteristic low voice. Lisbell\rquote s gaze turned involuntarily towards the door.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And then.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And then\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Motheri\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mrs. Osborne stood there.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She paused, surprised to hear her daughter call her. Her expression showed she had no idea why Lisbell was there.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Before the mother and daughter could speak, Ulrich intervened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Madam, did you have a good trip?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, sir. I completed the errand you assigned and returned. But why is Lisbell here\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
What?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell couldn\rquote t believe her ears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Errand? Completed? Returned? What is this all about?\par
\par
 \par
\par
A dreadful thought briefly crossed her mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Surely not\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
No way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
To resolve this absurdity, Lisbell looked at him. Ulrich was smiling handsomely as usual. He addressed Mrs. Osborne while looking at Lisbell leisurely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell said she had left something at the villa. Since you were away, I received her in your stead.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote My daughter must have been a bother.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Not at all.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell froze amidst their casual conversation. The reality of the situation dawned on her. Yet, it was too unbelievable to speak.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If what I think is true\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then what have I\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Madam, have you eaten?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, I had a simple meal on the way back.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Then you should unpack first.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mrs. Osborne read the subtle hint to leave and bowed. Her gaze met her daughter\rquote s across the table.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Sadly, their eyes did not connect. Lisbell only stared at the man beside her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be back soon. Lisbell, wait a bit, okay?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about Lisbell. I\rquote ll take good care of her.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She left the dining room, knowing nothing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell regained her senses after her mother exited. She looked back at the door her mother had just gone through. The questions she hadn\rquote t asked came pouring out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mother, why are you here?\par
\par
 \par
\par
I thought you were under house arrest. How are you moving freely?\par
\par
 \par
\par
And why do you greet this man so casually?\par
\par
 \par
\par
I knelt and cried, begging this man more desperately than anyone. How could you\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote t I tell you before?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote That being a teacher doesn\rquote t suit you, Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s head turned awkwardly towards him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich stabbed a cherry tomato on his plate with a fork. The fruit burst, splattering red juice everywhere. He seemed to be toying with it rather than eating it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Their eyes met.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Cutting the almost-squashed tomato in half, he spoke.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re too naive\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell suddenly stood up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her chair fell back with a thud. Her luggage toppled over as well. Everything was a mess, but Lisbell knew for sure. The biggest mess here was herself.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her voice trembled as if her vocal cords were being twisted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How could you do this\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t know what tricks he had used, but one thing was clear. The whole thing was a lie. The theft accusation against her mother was fabricated.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Which means I begged this man pitifully for something that never happened. Worse, I betrayed my fianc\'e9 and ended up with this man\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell felt genuinely sick and staggered. She couldn\rquote t hold onto the table and collapsed. Her mind boiled with anger, frustration, and helplessness. The shameful, hateful night left a deep scar on her heart.\line\line\line Chapter 30\line\line\line Her body sharply honed senses heightened her awareness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The stinging feeling when she swallowed, the lingering discomfort as if something remained inside whenever she moved his lower body\'85 the marks that clung to her body could not be easily washed away with water. Like an indelible brand that couldn\rquote t be removed no matter what she did.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Let goi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
That\rquote s why Lisbell furiously shook off Ulrich\rquote s grip on her wrist. His expression once again bore a sharp warning, but Lisbell, her emotions equally intense, paid no attention to it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich stared impassively at Lisbell, who was glaring at him furiously. Even the customary smile he usually wore was absent. Lisbell thought that perhaps this was his true face. The gap between when he smiled and when he didn\rquote t was so vast.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You looked pretty when you were crying in bed.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Not at all now, though.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich whispered in a complaining tone, making a light gesture. Something fluttered and fell into Lisbell\rquote s arms. It was a letter of Mercy that he tossed at her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Here, take it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You spread your legs for it, so stop glaring at me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she looked at the letter that brushed past her chest and fell to the floor, Lisbell let out a dry laugh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What use is it now?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The letter was necessary to save her mother. Yet, the mother who appeared before her was perfectly fine, not hindered in any way. She was not treated as a criminal and was still serving excellently as an employee of this mansion.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In other words, the theft incident that had flown to Misley via mail never happened. Therefore, even this letter of Mercy was utterly useless to Lisbell. The black letters on the white background seemed to mock her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell steadied herself, pressing her trembling hands on the floor, and stood up. She placed the crumpled letter conspicuously on the dining table and picked up her fallen luggage.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even now, her body, which had endured an ordeal all night, creaked and screamed in pain. She stifled a groan, clenching her teeth, and turned her back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
There was no reason to stay any longer. More precisely, she didn\rquote t want to be in the same space as this man. The only reason she faced the man she didn\rquote t want to see was to get the letter of Mercy. Now that it was all useless\'85 there was no reason to endure the disgust any longer.\par
\par
 \par
\par
To be honest, she had many things she wanted to argue about.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She was unfairly treated and felt indignant.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She felt like crying out of frustration.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But\'85 would anything really be resolved by venting those feelings?\par
\par
 \par
\par
She had already lost her purity, it was her choice, and this man was still Altahart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Look, what could have made the non-existent incident seem so real?\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was the power he held.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A family known to manipulate the capital\rquote s press at will would easily handle the local government like the tongue in their mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Could she possibly compete with such a person?\par
\par
 \par
\par
If she tried to escalate the issue, nothing would be resolved. Reality was always harsher than dreams. Hence, Lisbell turned without saying a word.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She just wanted to return to Misley as soon as possible. She wanted to see Theodore\rquote s face, be held in his broad arms, and be reassured that such an incident would not affect her life or future. Staying here, with this man, might drive her crazy first.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Will you tell your mother?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she headed toward the door, a voice coiled around her ankle like a snake slithering through the bushes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell doubted his humanity, mentioning her mother even at the last moment. She once considered him not a bad person. With a bitter smile, she just turned her head.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Do you still want to act like a benevolent master?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
So now, was he trying to silence her?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why bother?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Did he like her mother as a subordinate that much? But could such a valuable subordinate be used in such a lowly manner? Perhaps he had a different standard for handling people, one that didn\rquote t adhere to common sense. He might not feel any guilt using people as tools.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her guess wavered. Ulrich\rquote s reaction, as if asking what nonsense she was spouting, confused her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What do I care about how the subordinates see me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m just curious. Whether Lisbell will talk or not.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Probably not.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell clenched her fist. She felt her nails dig into her flesh but didn\rquote t relax her grip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She wanted to refute him, but unfortunately, even she couldn\rquote t easily conclude. Her mother was unexpectedly fine and had seen her suddenly appear in Marnia. So, naturally, she would need to explain everything. She would likely ask what she left behind that made her come back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then there was another crossroads.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She could tell her mother everything or hide it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In fact, until she put down the letter of Mercy, she intended to tell everything. Because she had clearly witnessed Ulrich\rquote s disgusting nature. She was genuinely concerned about her mother living with such a vile person.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, she planned to confess and persuade her to quit.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why\'85 do you think that?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Will you do it?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No, you can\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich never resolved curiosity all at once. What she previously saw as polished manners now seemed like mere vile hobbies.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t do it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So\'85i\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote A kind-hearted daughter like Lisbell couldn\rquote t do that, could she?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Could you tell your mother that you were raped by another man while you had a fianc\'e9?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He laughed heartily, as if even saying it was ridiculous. His platinum hair, shaking along with his tilted head, reminded her of a spider web catching the sunlight. Her limbs stiffened as if tied up, helpless.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The word he uttered, the sentence it formed, the blatant intention beneath it\'85 the overt mockery.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Everything gnawed at Lisbell.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Only when the taste of blood spread in her mouth did she realize she had bitten the inside of her cheek hard. And that it reflected her inner state accurately.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The situation and her position were strange. When it came to causality, she was clearly the victim. She was forced to give herself to Ulrich Altahart, who blackmailed her using her mother\rquote s false safety.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then why was she so anxious and uneasy?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why was she\'85 while this man brazenly held his head high\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I will tell her.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Everything, everything\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her trembling voice was wet. No matter how hard she tried to force strength into her throat, she couldn\rquote t shake off the dampness. Ulrich, noticing the sob in her voice, smiled pityingly. Twisted as her feelings were, even that smile felt like mockery.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Then go ahead.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich calmly smoothed his unstyled hair and opened a gold-framed case next to a tall candlestick. He took out a cigarette, his actions devoid of any embarrassment or similar emotion.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even her declaration to reveal everything didn\rquote t faze him; he remained composed as if it were someone else\rquote s business.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Only Mrs. Osborne will be pitiful.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He was not just composed\'85 he seemed indifferent.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Only then did Lisbell realize that to him, last night\rquote s events were merely a trivial joke. And that the aftermath of it didn\rquote t matter to him at all, as if it were a non-issue.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unlike Lisbell, whose inner self was breaking, he was still and would always be the untarnished Altahart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Those pretty eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Those pretty yet repulsive eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Those eyes spread out like an endless sea\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unable to endure any longer, Lisbell ran out of the dining room.\line\line\line Chapter 31 \line\line\line Lisbell ran down the hallway without stopping, like someone who only saw what was in front of them. Today, the unusually quiet and eerie mansion resonated only with the sound of her heavy footsteps. She broke into a cold sweat as if she was running toward a destination that would never come. By the time she barely escaped the mansion and crossed the garden, her vision was already soaked. Tears blurred her eyes, soaking her cheeks every time she blinked. She raised her arm and roughly wiped her face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbelli\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She halted abruptly, as if her roots were planted in the ground. In a landscape she could no longer see, a familiar voice that brought peace stopped her in her tracks. She stood there, staring down at her shadow stretching across the ground.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Soon, someone grabbed her shoulder and turned her around.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, dear.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Mother.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh dear, what\rquote s happened to your face\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mrs. Osborne was at a loss for words upon seeing her daughter\rquote s disheveled and tear-streaked face. Her dry fingers touched Lisbell\rquote s pale cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What happened, dear?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mrs. Osborne, who had rarely seen her daughter in such a state, was quite alarmed. She had just unpacked at the servants\rquote  quarters and was on her way back to the main mansion. If she hadn\rquote t accidentally seen her daughter running out of the mansion like a panicked person, she wouldn\rquote t have had this chance to catch her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Stop crying\'85 and calmly tell me what happened. You said you came here because you forgot something.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Hearing her mother\rquote s gentle voice that seemed to wrap around her, Lisbell\rquote s eyelids fluttered wearily. Undrying tears ran across her cheeks.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The worried expression, the anxious voice, and the warm, affectionate touch of her mother made Lisbell struggle to move her tongue.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mother.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I have a favor to ask.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote A favor?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please stop working at this mansion.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Oh, Lisbell sighed inwardly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She couldn\rquote t tell her mother about what happened last night, not even if it killed her. This might play out exactly as Ulrich had predicted, but it wasn\rquote t a matter of pride.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m begging you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s this all of a sudden\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Any other job is fine. You don\rquote t have to move to another country with me. But not here. Anywhere but here.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mrs. Osborne\rquote s wavering expression turned sharp for a moment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did something happen with the master?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mother\rquote s fingers, which were holding her, twitched and curled. Lisbell looked down at that hand silently, then forced a smile after a long while.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What happened\'85..\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just\'85 staying here for a day, I got a bad impression of him. He seems to treat people rather carelessly. He may respect you for now, but who knows when his attitude might change.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She felt like an utter fool for not being able to say more, but she had no other choice.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote A kind-hearted daughter like Lisbell couldn\rquote t do that, could she?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Could you tell your mother that you were raped by another man while you had a fianc\'e9?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She knew she must seem strange, and the situation unfolding as Ulrich had foreseen was excruciating, but none of that mattered compared to the pain her mother would feel if she learned the truth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So ultimately, this matter was.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just this once, please listen to me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It\rquote s something I must endure alone\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
The weather turned hot.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The lush summer had arrived.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since Marnia was a small town with many nature-friendly elements, the seasonal changes were more pronounced. The leaves, originally a fresh green, turned a vivid green under the sunlight, and the flowers blooming along the stems became vibrant and colorful.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The construction of the Alstad Hotel\rquote s second branch is now in its final stages. If everything proceeds as planned, it should be smooth. Once construction is completed, we will need to run a trial operation, so please provide a guest list for the trial run, and we will send out invitations accordingly.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thud.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich moved his bishop diagonally one square, pressing it with his index finger.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor, who was checking something on a document, suddenly grabbed a chess piece. With a mountain of work to deal with, even thinking about where to place the pieces made his brain feel overloaded.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But he had to comply quietly whenever he had the chance to keep Ulrich engaged in this way. It was a kind of custom boss management know-how he had developed after serving him for several years.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After Victor\rquote s turn, it was Ulrich\rquote s turn again. He crossed his legs and stared at the chessboard. His eyes, lost in thought, looked as if he was completely absorbed in the game. Victor doubted if he was even listening to the business report he was giving.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite his doubts, Victor continued his report.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote And regarding the Alstad Department Store, the shipping costs on the northern coast have recently increased abnormally, so we will inevitably need to adjust our support for delivery costs. However, since the adjustment will be uniform, we may face backlash from other suppliers.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Also, we have received the list of stores that will be newly contracted and opened. Gwen has initially reviewed it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why him?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
That guy, suddenly reacting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor looked incredulous as he reached for a chess piece during his turn. Given the topic, he somewhat understood the sudden change in demeanor. If he had known he would react so well, he would have brought up Gwen Altahart\rquote s topic from the start.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Since the department store is jointly managed by both of you, it\rquote s only natural to cross-check with him.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Joint management?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Who decided that?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich lifted the queen, asking in a soft low voice. He fiddled with the well-defined chess piece, raising his eyebrow.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hasn\rquote t he sent the written waiver of his shares yet?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No\'85 not yet\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich chuckled softly at Victor\rquote s deflated response.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote My brother is more persistent than he seems.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote He should learn to give up gracefully after losing a bet.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85You need to speak clearly. Don\rquote t you know who made him act so petty?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You mean me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The answer was obvious, but the question was annoying. Victor looked like he wanted to thump his chest.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Really, why did you spread rumors about Gwen\rquote s personal life\'85i\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote He was going to pretend it never happened.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Gwen was the one who broke the brotherly bond first.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor felt a throbbing headache and rubbed his face dryly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It had been four years since he graduated from university and started working as an aide to this nobleman.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor Loisden first met him at university.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When he got into a prestigious university, known to be difficult for commoners, he felt like he had the world at his feet. But that feeling didn\rquote t last even a month after enrollment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He encountered a world he hadn\rquote t known at university. Talented people who made him feel like a frog in a well, a grain of sand on the beach, simply by their presence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In a world with a social hierarchy, \lquote talent\rquote  referred to those with noble lineage or those who, even without such noble status, had grown wealthy enough from profitable businesses to be respected by nobles.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich Altahart was at the top of that human pyramid. He had been since before any relationships or friendships formed. His last name, \lquote Altahart,\rquote  established his position.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even now, it seemed he was destined for fame. Besides inheriting wealth from a lineage of international bankers, he had an extraordinary appearance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His exceptional qualities, combined, made him a center of attention and admiration throughout university.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor got to know him through a shared class. They started talking because they sat close to each other, leading to the current situation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Damni\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor cursed himself for not running away back then.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Of course, being in this position was undoubtedly an honor. Without a noble title or bourgeois background, Victor Loisden was a florist\rquote s son from a small village. Becoming a secretary for Altahart, the nation\rquote s foremost banker, was a village-level event.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The problem wasn\rquote t the position of secretary.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The problem was his employer.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He had noticed some unusual traits during university but had dismissed them. The salary offered with the secretary position was too significant to decline just because of personality.\line\line Chapter 32 \line\line However, everything in this world comes at a cost.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Tasks that are given astronomical amounts of money have a reason for it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
From serving under his peer closely, Victor realized that not only Ulrich but his entire family was a den of madness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Do the rich always play around like this?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Every time an incident occurred, he couldn\rquote t help but think about how grand the scale was. The grotesqueness was a given, and sometimes it was accompanied by a repulsive discomfort.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In other words, they did not hide the obscene and blatant instincts underlying human consciousness. This seemed related to their family background\'85 Perhaps because they could obtain anything easily from a young age, even the elements to alleviate their boredom were extraordinary. Drugs and gang rapes were trivial, so what more could be said?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor stopped pondering about their humanity. Perhaps it was right after he saw Ulrich mingling with a married woman in a lounge at a charity event hosted by the Iroo family.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The lady, with her slender legs wrapped around Ulrich\rquote s waist and moaning loudly, was clearly the hostess of the Iroo family that hosted the event that day.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That wasn\rquote t all. The entire family, including Ulrich, was completely depraved. They were devoted to corrupting the customs with all their might. Perhaps it was lucky that they had the power to control and manipulate the media, allowing them to hide such aspects.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Should I sue him?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s clearly a breach of contract. Don\rquote t you think we could do it if we got a lawyer?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, as if he was about to reach for the phone, twitched his fingers resting on his knee. Victor covered his face with his hands, hoping he would refrain.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So, are you planning to form a family lawyer team?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If possible.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote And then sue Young Master Gwen? Do you think that makes sense?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Things that don\rquote t make sense often do, when money is involved.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Nothing about serving a nobleman was easy, but recently, the most troubling issue was this. The disputes between the Altahart brothers, who were always at each other\rquote s throats since childhood, only intensified as they grew older.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The reason Ulrich ended up at the secluded Marnia villa was also related to this.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It started with a trivial bet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The Altahart family\rquote s business had diversified into several fields over time.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Under the leadership of the Altahart matriarch, who took over the international banking sector following her late husband, the two brothers each carved out their own business territories based on their interests and positions.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The eldest son, Gwen Altahart, who was set to become the head of the family, took control of the oil industry, which showed great potential following banking. Ulrich, on the other hand, took charge of the hotel business in the capital, which he had steadily developed since coming of age. Other sectors like the jewelry and wine industries were also divided under their names.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The only business they shared jointly was a department store in the capital.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The department store, with five floors built along the main street next to the square, boasted much higher profits than expected. It could leverage various family businesses, was useful for managing connections, and had a bright future.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The department store, which both brothers coveted, had not been clearly divided, and thus had been jointly operated. During this time, they relentlessly tore each other apart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In Victor\rquote s view, Ulrich was the more talented businessman. He had an instinctive sense of how to roll money to make it grow.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In contrast, Gwen, the eldest, was greedy but lacked skills. The profits from his projects were largely due to the inherent profitability of the business rather than his ability. If Ulrich had taken on those projects, the profit margins would have been at least twice as high.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Gwen wasn\rquote t a particularly good manager. However, being an Altahart, he was also prideful. He had big dreams and was greedy.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Naturally, he interfered with the department store business frequently.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When problems arose due to his interference, he never reconsidered his decisions but instead blamed his subordinates. When frustrated, he would call in high-class prostitutes and lock himself in his bedroom for days, indulging in drugs and merrymaking.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Gwen was neither responsible nor thoughtful.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In contrast, Ulrich only interfered when necessary, and though he found everything a bother, he saw tasks through to the end. This wasn\rquote t always the case; he seemed to find pleasure in watching money grow based on his decisions as he inherited more of the family\rquote s business.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The bet over the department store management rights stemmed from such trivial disagreements.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You crazy bastard\'85 Ulrich, do you even think? The new tenants on the third floor must be the finest whiskey from the Hohen Kingdom. Are you going to stash that precious cash cow somewhere?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Gwen, did you plug your ears? We\rquote re planning to clear out the store and turn it into a tea room. The construction schedule is already set, and we\rquote re about to start. What nonsense are you talking about?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Tea room? Tea roooom? In a department store where people come to spend money? Do you want them to sit and listen to orchestras and laugh? Is this a party hall? Are you not planning to sell goods? It\rquote s more profitable to increase tenants and salesi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Wanna bet?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Whether the department store\rquote s total sales will increase or decrease after the tea room is established.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hah, look at this lunatic. Fine, let\rquote s bet. I bet it will decrease.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I bet it will increase.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The deadline is three months after the construction.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Fine.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What will you give up if I win?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The management rights of the department store.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sick of this constant bickering. Let\rquote s settle this once and for all. The loser steps back.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You short-sighted fool\'85 Fine, let\rquote s end thisi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
In the end, Ulrich was the winner.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The tea room, established in a department store with no suitable gathering place, became a new social hub for the upper class.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The upper class\rquote s desire to show off could not be overlooked. People who used to visit the department store casually began to spruce up their appearance. They gathered in groups, eager to find something that made them stand out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The most notable thing was the shopping list, of course.\par
\par
 \par
\par
People engaged in subtle competitions to show who had the deepest pockets by buying the most expensive items. As a result, the department store\rquote s sales skyrocketed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thus, the department store became Ulrich\rquote s.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At least, that\rquote s what Ulrich and his secretary, Victor, thought.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The variable was Gwen.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite his loud declaration to settle things, Gwen played dumb when the results didn\rquote t favor him. It was a cowardly stance, but since the promise was verbal, there was no tangible evidence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But Ulrich didn\rquote t back down easily. Every morning, the first thing he did was send a letter of renunciation of joint management rights to his brother\rquote s bedroom. Gwen, of course, ignored him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After more than twenty letters were ignored, Ulrich\rquote s patience ran out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Oh my god.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
One morning, Victor, while sipping strong coffee and reading the newspaper, spat out his drink.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What the\'85?\par
\par
 \par
\par
He couldn\rquote t believe his eyes as coffee dripped from his lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Altahart\rquote s eldest son. The heir of the family. Gwen Altahart. Homosexual. Prostitute. Male prostitute. Orgy. Drugs. Sex scandal. Engagement. Schwaben family.\par
\par
 \par
\par
All kinds of obscene and dirty words adorned the front page of the capital\rquote s tabloids.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Naturally, the family was in an uproar.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Investing an enormous amount every quarter to manage the media was to ensure that such sordid personal lives were never exposed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
They had so tightly controlled the flow of information that not a hint of truth had ever leaked, maintaining an image of nobility and mystery. Despite the sordid reality, the Altaharts were revered as wealthy elites by the people of Rechem.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The perfect sandcastle they had built was now on the verge of collapsing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor was particularly shocked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was only natural.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The one who had leaked this horrific scandal was his own boss, Ulrich.\line\line\line Chapter 33\line\line\line As soon as Victor regained his senses, he was summoned to the mansion.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dragged before his employer, Victor reported everything he knew. Meanwhile, Gwen Altahart crumpled up tabloid papers with his face plastered across them, cursing loudly, and their mother, Lady Altahart, rubbed her temples with an exasperated look.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So, in the end\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Are you saying this mess all started from a bet?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, ma\rquote am\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Unbelievable, I\rquote m at my wits\rquote  end.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lady Altahart, the current head of the family, was at a loss for words at her two adult sons, behaving no better than seven-year-old children.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Gwen, seething with anger, shouted from the side.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Motheri Please issue a summons for this wretch immediatelyi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Gwen, calm yourself.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How can I calm down? We\rquote ve always maintained strict privacyi It\rquote s a principle our family has upheld meticulously since our ancestors\rquote  times. This rascal has gone too far. Such a disgraceful method is intolerable as an Altaharti\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote And is your behavior as the loser of the bet acceptable as an Altahart?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Motheri\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Enough, keep your mouth shut. Right now, it\rquote s not Ulrich tarnishing the Altahart name but your vulgar lust, shamelessly showing itself without regard for men or women.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lady Altahart sternly reprimanded her eldest son and sighed deeply. The young handsome man standing behind her cautiously patted her shoulder.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Gwen laughed at the sight. To criticize his preferences while his mother selected the most handsome men from the capital as her bedmates wasn\rquote t much different.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Victor.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, ma\rquote am.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You need to go to Ulrich.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich had utterly shattered the family\rquote s principle of secrecy and leisurely left the capital at dawn. It was a swift escape, anticipating this mess.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But then again, when hadn\rquote t he been like that?\par
\par
 \par
\par
He was never in the present. Sometimes fearfully, sometimes tenaciously, he glimpsed beyond with meticulous precision.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Anyhow, the ensuing chaos continued to this day.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor found himself caught in the middle of this mess. The capital was demanding Ulrich\rquote s return urgently, but his boss showed no intention of returning. Instead, he seemed to be settling in this place called Marnia, enjoying the tranquil days.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote This isn\rquote t fun.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Or maybe \ldblquote enjoying\rdblquote  wasn\rquote t the right word.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Checkmate.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor\rquote s king was surrounded on the chessboard. Ulrich flicked the king over with a finger, toppling the surrounding pieces.\par
\par
 \par
\par
With a perfect visual victory, Ulrich lit a cigarette with a bored expression.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What about the investigation I asked for?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor sighed. This wasn\rquote t the time to discuss such trivial matters, but it was better to appease him than to irritate him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He retrieved some documents from a pile.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You wanted information on Theodore Motier and his family.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He found and handed over the desired paper. Ulrich, adjusting the cigarette in his mouth, flipped through it. Watching him read, Victor voiced his ongoing doubt.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote They run a small factory in the Renbruck industrial complex. Is there a problem with them?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote They keep coming to mind.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Excuse me? What keeps coming to mind?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich fell silent again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor, accustomed to his unilateral silence, continued to search for any remaining reports.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote A textile factory?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, exhaling leisurely, muttered the words written on the paper.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes? Ah, yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is there a large farm in Renbruck?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote There are fertile fields on the outskirts of the city. They contract with those farms to procure raw materials.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich nodded faintly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He continued reading with frightening concentration until more than half of his cigarette was gone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Actually, with each line he read, different thoughts filled his mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I thought it was just once, and it was all over\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His thigh stung. He was so deep in thought he didn\rquote t notice the cigarette ash falling on his leg. He just stared at the mark and muttered.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It keeps coming to mind.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85What keeps coming to mind?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was petty revenge.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Repaying a rejection at the pavilion with a forcefully obtained one-night stand. He wouldn\rquote t deny the underlying selfishness, but more vividly, it was the desire to restore his wounded pride.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Using Lady Osborne as a means, blackmailing her with maternal love, and indulging in the delicate body as he pleased for a night.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich felt no moral guilt from these actions. The injury she might suffer was nothing compared to his need to relieve his unpleasant mood.\par
\par
 \par
\par
All his relationships were like that. He valued his own emotional fluctuations more than a person\rquote s life.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And he thought once was enough for such a ruthless solution. After resolving the irritation, he expected his peace to return.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But it kept\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Her crying face was beautiful.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So it keeps coming to mind\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor had a puzzled look, not understanding a word. Before he could ask more, there was a knock on the closed door. After a brief wait, Lady Osborne appeared.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I brought new refreshments.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, thank you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor thanked her and clumsily cleared the document-filled table. Meanwhile, Lady Osborne approached and set down the tray.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich shifted his gaze from the papers to her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lady Osborne had submitted her resignation a few days ago. She didn\rquote t specify the reason, but Ulrich had a good guess.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell must have persuaded her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But her attitude showed no sign of contempt or discomfort, suggesting she hadn\rquote t told her everything.\par
\par
 \par
\par
See, I told you.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She couldn\rquote t bring herself to speak about it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A woman who tears up at the mere mention of her mother wouldn\rquote t dare reveal such intimate details. Ulrich chuckled. Lady Osborne glanced at him while pouring the drinks. He shook his head to indicate it was nothing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He turned his gaze to the window.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sunlight was harsh, and the occasional wind that stirred the leaves and buds was hot.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Marnia was in the midst of a full-blown summer.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Summer at its peak would gradually lose its heat.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He had never regretted this before, even despising the heat, wishing each year for it to pass quickly\'85 but now he wanted time to slow down.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Because there was a bride for late summer.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich lowered his eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without realizing it, he had crushed the cigarette between his fingers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The small bits of cigarette dirtied his fingers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He stared at the mess, brushing it off with his thumb as if he had discovered something strange. Victor, puzzled, handed him a handkerchief. Accepting it, Ulrich repeatedly wiped and examined his fingers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Finally, when his hands were clean, Ulrich spoke.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ma\rquote am.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, sir?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Late summer will be here soon.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is Lisbell\rquote s wedding preparation going well?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85 yes, I believe so.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Hmm, is that so?\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t welcoming news.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Where is the wedding going to be held?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Misley.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Misley, in the east.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich repeated, smiling lazily.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It had always been a lingering doubt.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even now, it was vague, but one thing was clear.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The reason he didn\rquote t want late summer to come.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not as far as I thought, which is good.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He wanted to ruin Lisbell\rquote s wedding.\line\line Chapter 34\line\line\line Mrs. Osborne tilted the coffee pot, releasing a stream of steam. The faint aroma of coffee intensified, filling the room. The foil-adorned coffee cup floated in her hand, just before it was placed on the table.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Crashi\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor, who had been tidying the pile of papers, looked startled. He stood up immediately upon seeing the shattered cup on the floor.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Madam, are you alright? Did any shards hit you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, no. I\rquote m fine.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote This is unfortunate. It\rquote s completely broken.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry. It was my mistake\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor nodded as if he understood and bent down. Warning her to be careful of the sharp fragments, he began clearing the larger pieces.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Meanwhile, Ulrich remained motionless, simply observing the scene. His deepening gaze was fixed on Mrs. Osborne, or more precisely, on her hand that had been holding the cup.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Madam.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, Master.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did your hand shake just now?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
To Ulrich\rquote s knowledge, she did not suffer from tremors. Thus, the earlier movement seemed very unnatural. To him, it signified only one thing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is there something wrong with your health?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No, nothing at all. I\rquote ll prepare a fresh pot of coffee immediately.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though she tried to maintain a professional demeanor, Ulrich noticed her hesitation before grabbing the pot again, a sign that the earlier tremor was involuntary.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Come to think of it\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
He recalled the errand he had sent her on the previous day.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A fabricated incident involving bribing the Marnia officials and other related tasks. Mrs. Osborne needed to leave the villa temporarily to deceive Lisbell.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite Victor\rquote s presence, Ulrich had insisted on sending Mrs. Osborne on the errand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She took longer than expected.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was a simple task\f1\emdash delivering an entrusted item to a foreign family with whom they had long-standing ties. For Victor, with a family-provided carriage, it would have been a day\rquote s job. But Mrs. Osborne took longer than anticipated, making it barely in time to avoid ruining everything.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Timing worked out, so Ulrich hadn\rquote t questioned it then. But now, he understood that her health might have delayed her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is your health the reason you submitted your resignation a few days ago?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mrs. Osborne looked up as she set the hastily brewed coffee in front of Ulrich. He smiled at her before turning to Victor.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Victor, is there a doctor we can summon from the city?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote A doctor?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
While Victor questioned this, Mrs. Osborne quickly straightened, realizing Ulrich\rquote s intention.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Master, I appreciate your concern, but I assure you I am fine. There\rquote s no need to worry.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote To me, this isn\rquote t even a concern, Madam.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 But\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Consider it my kindness before you resign.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Our meeting here is fate, after all.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Fate.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich smirked, unwilling to listen to any objections. He unfolded a paper, savoring the word. It felt pleasant on his tongue.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He smiled quietly, a serene smile that subdued the fierce summer sun.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Giggles, giggles.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Listening to the children\rquote s innocent laughter, Lisbell leaned back. She sat on an old bench, the only shaded area behind the orphanage. Recently, the summer had deepened, causing sweat to pour out just by standing outside for a moment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Oh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Something touched her cheek as she sat absentmindedly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Startled, she straightened to find Theodore, who had been playing with the children, approaching. He held a reddish flower and smiled brightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You scared me. What\rquote s with the flower?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a trumpet vine. I brought it to show you since it bloomed inside.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore sat beside her and placed the flower behind her ear, making her laugh. He then gently touched her forehead.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How do you feel?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Much better.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Still, you should rest today. There\rquote s no need to push yourself.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Hesitating, Lisbell took his hand from her cheek and shook her head, indicating she was fine.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She knew why he was worried.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since returning from Marnia, Lisbell had been ill for a week.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It started with muscle pain. Seeing Theodore at the train station, her tension melted away, and her whole body ached. Every step felt heavy and painful.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Back at the orphanage, she developed a fever. Her body rebelled, realizing it was finally home.\par
\par
 \par
\par
For days, she suffered a severe fever, her white skin blooming with heat rashes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore took care of her devotedly, cooling her with cold hands, wiping her sweat, and holding her when she felt nauseous.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After a week of care, she recovered. By then, the wound inflicted by Ulrich had also improved. Luckily, Theodore thought she had a simple fever.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I should inform Madam. She was very worried about you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
After three days of fever, when she could finally speak, Lisbell answered Theodore\rquote s pressing questions.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The events in Marnia were just a misunderstanding, she said.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Everything was resolved.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mother was safe.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\f0 There were no problems\'85.\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
Half-truths and half-lies.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she finished, Theodore hugged her tightly. In his arms, she vaguely realized it was more about convincing herself than him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Feeling his gentle touch, Lisbell sensed her heart pounding with foreboding.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A heavy burden had settled in her heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She now had a secret she could never share with Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s presence had changed everything. Now, she had something to hide from Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She returned to Misley longing for his warmth, but every embrace made her anxious. The burden in her heart grew.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The weather is so hot; it must be uncomfortable not tying your hair.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore tucked her grey hair behind her ear, his touch lingering on her exposed white neck. The sensation made Lisbell flinch.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I-it\rquote s fine. This much is okay.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
But the evidence of what she tried to hide remained.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The bruise on her neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The scarf Ulrich had given her had hidden it from her mother. But she had thrown it away the moment she left the villa, unable to bear it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, Theodore saw the bruise. She blamed it on a fall, but even she knew it was a weak excuse. Her poor condition had deflected further questions.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Lisbell, by any chance\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore began to speak after a moment of silence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thud, roll.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Something rolled to Lisbell\rquote s feet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A bright red apple. \line\line\line\f0\lang1033 Chapter 35\line\line\line A round shape cast a long shadow behind it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell held her breath.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It had been like this ever since she started seeing those dismal shadows. After witnessing someone\rquote s cruel nature in the shadows that must form as brilliantly as the afternoon light, she often found herself like this.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbelli\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A girl with short hair and a petite frame, Mary, suddenly appeared. The world that had momentarily stopped for Lisbell resumed its normal pace.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mary picked up an apple that had rolled to Lisbell\rquote s feet and held it out to her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a fallen fruit.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell blinked and then laughed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is this for me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yesi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Thank you. But weren\rquote t we all harvesting together? What if you get scolded later for giving this to me secretly?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Behind the orphanage, there was a small garden and a modest apple orchard. The apples were used for the children\rquote s education, for their meals, and were even sold at the market near the port.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Teachers and children had gathered here early in the morning to harvest the ripe apples. Lisbell had come out to experience the bustle firsthand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Well, the teacher said this was a fallen fruit, so it\rquote s not needed.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell looked at the fruit in Mary\rquote s hand. Mary, clinging to her knee, asked,\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hey, Lisbell, what\rquote s a fallen fruit?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a fruit that falls from the tree before it\rquote s harvested.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I see. But why isn\rquote t it needed?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Well\'85 When a fruit falls to the ground, it gets bruised or dirty, so its value decreases.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though she explained it logically, Lisbell also found it hard to understand. Looking around, the apple only had some dirt on it, and seemed otherwise fine.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But to think its market value dropped just because it fell before proper harvesting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It seemed unfair to the fruit, which probably didn\rquote t fall on purpose. Lisbell rubbed the apple\rquote s surface with her sleeve, revealing a transparent red hue.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Thanks. Even if it\rquote s a fallen fruit, it\rquote s a precious gift to me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She patted Mary\rquote s head as the girl, with a flushed face, asked again. Mary, who had been chattering while leaning on Lisbell\rquote s knee, dashed off as soon as she heard someone calling her from afar.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell looked down at her knee where the child\rquote s warmth had vanished. An apple and a single trumpet creeper blossom lay neatly on it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you like it that much?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You couldn\rquote t take your eyes off it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Looking at it brought her peace. Her turbulent mind calmed, and the inexplicable anxiety subsided. Perhaps it was the warmth she had always felt in Misley.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, is this my sanctuary?\par
\par
 \par
\par
As Lisbell toyed with the vibrant red petals, she glanced to the side.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote By the way, wasn\rquote t there something you wanted to say earlier?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He awkwardly scratched the back of his neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Well\'85 I was wondering if something happened in Marnia.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The hand playing with the petals stopped.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Since you came back, you seem to be in a daze more often.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Nothing happened.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Really? Maybe it\rquote s just travel fatigue since you had to rush back and forth. The distance between the two regions is quite significant.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, probably.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mind seemed to short-circuit for a moment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She couldn\rquote t think about what expression she was making or how it might look to Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo, sorry if I made you worry.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s finei We\rquote re about to get married, so it\rquote s natural for me to take care of you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Right.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Wow, time really flies. It feels like just yesterday when we told the director together. Don\rquote t you think so?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Looking up at the sky, Theodore reminisced as he pushed her long hair back and stroked her cheek. His hand felt warmer than before.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No, her skin had cooled that much.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Or perhaps it was her heart\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Anyway, we can\rquote t fall behind the kids. I\rquote ll join in and finish quickly. Lisbell, if it gets too hot, don\rquote t push yourself and go rest insidei\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell watched Theodore\rquote s lithe figure as he shouted and dashed off. All that remained was the pounding of her heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she stood there, she noticed a crushed flower petal. The wrinkles from being squished looked grotesque. She couldn\rquote t even remember when it had ended up in such a state.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That was the problem.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her sanctuary had started to crack.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Time passed quickly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Day by day.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Each morning, her mood changed. Some days she was excited, some days overwhelmed. Some days she felt suffocated as if the future was invisible, and other days she was calm, believing things would work out somehow.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The one thing that lightened her heavy heart was the recent news from her mother.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mother had officially submitted her resignation and would stay on as a caretaker only until the end of the month.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite returning safely to Misley, many things were still bothering her. Among them was her mother\rquote s safety, who was still working under Ulrich Altahart. She had always been uneasy about it. There was even a bit of resentment wondering why her mother hadn\rquote t listened to her pleas to leave.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, hearing the news about her resignation was a small relief amidst the misfortune. Lisbell reminded herself that there were only a few days left until she would no longer need to call that villa.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Everything was slowly getting sorted out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mother would soon be free from that devilish man, and she would marry Theodore and leave for another country. The emotional turmoil she felt here would soon be resolved.\par
\par
 \par
\par
With the wedding date approaching, the preparations were in their final stages. Today, she and Theodore had chosen plumbago to decorate the venue after much discussion. The blue hue of plumbago, often associated with summer, made her heart flutter thinking about the decorated venue.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When they reached the orphanage, Lisbell\rquote s steps stopped involuntarily.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So\'85 Lisbell?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore, who had been talking with gestures, turned his head curiously. But Lisbell couldn\rquote t meet his eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A sedan was parked in front of the orphanage. Its presence was unsettling in this rural village, where such a car was uncommon.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, whose car is that\'85. Is there a visitor?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore mumbled, following Lisbell\rquote s gaze. She couldn\rquote t respond. In fact, she couldn\rquote t react at all.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No way\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It can\rquote t be.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A sharp sense of foreboding hit her chest. A tense feeling crept from her toes. This feeling wasn\rquote t entirely unfamiliar; she had felt it before.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When was it?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Perhaps it was\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re finally here!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A teacher noticed them and waved from a window. Lisbell looked at her with a pale face. The teacher, looking unusually excited, pointed inside.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, you have a visitor. Hurry to the reception roomi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote A visitor?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore tilted his head.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, were you expecting someone today?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh? Oh, well, I guess I\rquote ll find out when I go.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her vision blurred again. As Lisbell entered the orphanage, she clenched and unclenched her fists. Despite the lingering heat of summer, she felt a strange chill.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The usually short-seeming corridor seemed unusually long today. When they arrived at the reception room, Theodore opened the door. The slowly widening gap felt like the entrance to a swamp.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And her fear was confirmed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The person inside turned toward the door. Platinum hair that remained bright even under the dim lighting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re finally here, Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her anxious heart finally stopped.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, he was right there.\line\line\line Chapter 36\line\line\line The man had grown up properly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
While Lisbell stayed in Marnia, she had never seen him wear a tie properly. Additionally, she found out yet another fact she was not curious about. That black tie was not only a gift from her but also the very thing that had brutally strangled her neck that night.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Instinctively, Lisbell touched her neck. The bruises had healed to the point where they were no longer visible. There was no reason for her to feel pain, yet it hurt as if it hadn\rquote t healed at all.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why is this man here?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell thought and thought again. But she couldn\rquote t figure it out. No matter how much she racked her brain, she couldn\rquote t understand why someone she thought she\rquote d never encounter again had appeared in front of her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Of all times.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Who\'85 who are you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Of all times, when she was with Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since she couldn\rquote t readily speak, Theodore voiced it instead. Ulrich\rquote s blue-grey eyes, which had been fixated on Lisbell since his appearance, shifted slowly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He smiled a smile beautiful enough to make any man tremble.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theodore Motier, I presume?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, that\rquote s correct.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich approached with the grace of a swan gliding over the water and extended his hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Nice to meet you. I\rquote m Ulrich Altahart.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Alta\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As Theodore reflexively extended his arm for a handshake, his eyes gradually widened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Al, Altahart?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Are you refusing to shake hands?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich remained calm in front of the stunned Theodore. The composure he exhibited in Marnia was unchanged here in Misley. Theodore, urged by the noble pressure to hurry up and shake hands, quickly responded.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell gazed distantly at the two men shaking hands.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was a surreal scene. But it didn\rquote t last long. The moment Ulrich\rquote s gaze returned to her, she was dragged back to this dizzying reality.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich called her name as if he were very glad to see her. Even the playful laugh at the end, where he rolled his tongue, remained the same.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He was, as expected, himself. Unlike her, who was anxious, his calm demeanor was chilling. Lisbell, frozen, quickly noticed Theodore\rquote s eyes turning towards her and hurriedly snapped out of it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What brings you here\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Sorry for showing up unannounced. I have something urgent to tell Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He smirked. It was as if he was mocking her cautiousness. Seeing that, the guilt that had corroded black in her chest came alive, unmistakably vivid.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whether this rhythm would quicken or slow was entirely up to Ulrich\rquote s deceitful lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, it was appropriate to send Theodore away quickly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
There was a risk that Ulrich might drop a bombshell in his presence. However\'85 she hesitated because she didn\rquote t want to be alone with Ulrich. And Ulrich seemed to sense this too, tilting his head thoughtfully.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Shall I bring it up with Mr. Motier here? I don\rquote t particularly mind.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her heart twisted. Despite being its owner, it felt as though her heart was in another\rquote s grip. Ah, it was because this was an unmistakable threat. Ulrich was subtly pressuring her to send Theodore away.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If she didn\rquote t\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Could you\'85 leave us for a moment?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore\rquote s eyes widened. He was astonished not only by the fact that someone with the name Altahart had come here but also by the implication that Lisbell knew him well enough to talk privately.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, sure. I\rquote ll be outside, so please feel free to talk.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore bowed his head and exited the reception room. The sound of the door closing felt like a thin barrier between Ulrich and herself breaking. It was as if the protective layer that had provided some comfort by merely existing had crumbled.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How have you been?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell flinched at the warmth touching her cheek and stepped back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her back hit the closed door with a thud.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s hand, which had naturally cupped her cheek, found itself awkwardly suspended in the air. He looked at his empty hand and clenched and unclenched it. Soon, he laughed as if it were amusing and withdrew his arm.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He turned and walked to the dresser in the reception room. He began to fiddle with the frames, nameplates, and figurines displayed there as if examining them. While he leisurely explored the interior, Lisbell stood frozen by the door.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I hear this chapel is your wedding venue?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Did you investigate me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Investigate?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His response indicated it was preposterous.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I learned it all here. When I mentioned your name, the person who guided me here eagerly shared information. It was quite bothersome, listing things I wasn\rquote t interested in.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Shaking his head slowly as if expressing fatigue, he would occasionally let out a deflated laugh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How could you think of holding a wedding in such a shabby place\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote But it oddly suits you, so I can\rquote t complain.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell clenched her fists tightly. She wondered why she had to listen to such evaluations from a man like him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please answer me now.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hm?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The reason you came here.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, that.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite the gravity of the subject, his demeanor remained nonchalant. Even when addressing the most crucial topic, he acted as if it was of no importance. His playful gestures with the antler-shaped figurine reflected this.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mrs. Osborne has collapsed.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He said it with such a casual attitude that it was hard to accept.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Pardon?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote To be precise, she collapsed and had to undergo emergency surgery. I covered the entire cost.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s currently in a hospital in Marnia, but there\rquote s no sign of her regaining consciousness.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell doubted her ears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Wha\'85 What are you\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The doctor said she seemed to have been suffering from symptoms for quite some time. Did you not know?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mother collapsed\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
No matter how many times she chewed over the sentences, they were hard to accept. But contrary to her mind, her chest stirred as if she had already understood.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Briefly, a hairline of doubt surfaced.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Could it be true?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Given that it was Ulrich delivering such tragic news, it was only natural to doubt. He had once deceived her using her mother. There was no reason he couldn\rquote t do it twice.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Suppressing the tumult within, Lisbell stared directly at him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, but I can\rquote t believe you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote My mother was healthy when we last met. Just a week ago, we talked on the phone.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote That would make sense. She collapsed four days ago.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Previously, when she tried to bring me coffee, her hands shook and she broke the cup. Considering she never had tremors, it seemed odd. So, I intended to call a doctor from the capital. You know better than anyone that she recently submitted her resignation. I thought it was a final gesture of kindness.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Kindness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The word he used reeked of insincerity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote But she refused, saying it was too much of a fuss for a mere favor. She found it burdensome. Like mother, like daughter; both fuss over trivial matters.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Anyway\'85 she refused, and eventually, an accident happened. The doctor said if my secretary had found her any later, it would have been disastrous.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
What was he saying?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though he kindly explained, Lisbell\rquote s mind grew emptier. The only thing that came to mind was her mother\rquote s complexion, which she had to ask about each time they met.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Saying she was fine, nothing was wrong. Her mother\rquote s assurances had made her overlook the signs, thinking nothing more of them\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I need to contact her.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I need to contact my mother.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I told you she\rquote s unconscious.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve already deceived me like this once beforei\rdblquote\line\line\line Chapter 37\line\line The shrill voice filled the reception room.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite being just a single sentence, Lisbell was out of breath. No, maybe she was suffocating. She couldn\rquote t tell. It was that suffocating. If there were no eyes on her, she would have clutched her chest long ago.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But she didn\rquote t want to show any weakness in front of Ulrich, that man. She wanted to hide it so he would never see it. Because his wickedness would dig into each of those aspects and try to use them as a weakness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich clicked his tongue as if to be heard, looking at the resistant Lisbell.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I understand you don\rquote t trust me, but if you try to be hostile to the person who came all the way here to deliver this news, only Lisbell will be at a loss.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Even if you vent your meaningless anger here, it won\rquote t bring your mother back to consciousness.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He threw a heart-piercing statement and headed to the sofa in the reception room to pick something up. It was a bouquet that Lisbell hadn\rquote t noticed, so focused was she on his presence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Tuberose with long green stems and layers of pure white petals.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he walked over, holding it in one hand, Lisbell reflexively stepped back. But her back was already against the door. There was nowhere else to retreat.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The remaining distance was just a step. He could touch her with a slight lift of his hand. Lisbell stiffened completely in astonishment. Ulrich grabbed her chin, lifting it so their eyes could meet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why are you trembling like this?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I haven\rquote t done anything\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His subtly flowing tone wrapped around her limbs like a snake with fangs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ah, a strong sense of d\'e9j\'e0 vu.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t much different from when she saw him in the backlight, kneeling. Knowing she couldn\rquote t match him, yet having to face him, the psychological pressure crushed her insides. Like facing a vast ocean that threatened to swallow her whole if she made one wrong move\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Listen well. I won\rquote t say it three times.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Your mother is currently hospitalized at a hospital in Marnia after surgery, and I came here to inform you as her family.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He tightened his grip on her chin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Pulling her face to a slightly better angle, he kissed her pale cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If you don\rquote t believe me, Lisbell can go to Marnia herself and check.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, and this is a gift.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He handed her the bouquet he was holding. The closer scent of the flowers was overwhelmingly strong. Was that why she felt so dizzy? Or maybe\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
With those words, Ulrich left the reception room. Lisbell, left with the bouquet in full bloom, scrubbed her cheek with the back of her hand until it hurt. Yet, she couldn\rquote t get rid of the feeling. Knowing nothing was actually there, she still couldn\rquote t stand it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It must be a lie.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote That can\rquote t be true\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mother was healthy.\par
\par
 \par
\par
There were no problems at all.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He might be trying to deceive her again and drag her into danger.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It must be.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It must be\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, standing there, threw the bouquet he handed her to the floor.\par
\par
 \par
\par
With a thud, the loosely wrapped flower stems scattered around. The white petals lay scattered at her feet, looking both beautiful and miserable. Lisbell staggered, looking down at the sight.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No, no, no.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Repeating it to herself did no good. There was a thin thread of anxiety welling up, pushing through the narrow gaps of her consciousness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What if it\rquote s true?\par
\par
 \par
\par
What if, as he said, her mother suddenly collapsed and underwent surgery?\par
\par
 \par
\par
And what if she still hasn\rquote t regained consciousness?\par
\par
 \par
\par
What then?\par
\par
 \par
\par
In a moment of weakness, her energy drained. Despite the intense contemplation, the conclusion was surprisingly clear. There was no other way. Unless she went to Marnia herself, she couldn\rquote t confirm it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Believing her mother would be fine while ignoring the increasingly thin face she\rquote d seen from time to time, and as her guardian, she should be by her side if any problem occurred.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, in the end.\par
\par
 \par
\par
I have to go to Marnia\'85 again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s head slowly dropped.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The white petals scattered around looked just like snowflakes. Was it summer or winter now? The seasons briefly overlapped, confusing her. Why was her whole body growing so cold if it was summer?\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Suddenly, her arm was grabbed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell shuddered as if in a fit. The recollection of a night in Marnia made her react hypersensitivity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, The, Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her wildly shaking focus found its place only after confirming the person was her fianc\'e9.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong? Why are you like this?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The voice, genuinely worried about her, finally reminded her it was summer. A distinct warmth approached and embraced her. Lisbell looked at him with a melancholy heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore\rquote s palm cupped her cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote More importantly, what\rquote s this about Altahart? Isn\rquote t he the owner of the villa where your mother works? Did you have such a close relationship for him to come looking for you? What was so urgent between you two?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell took a shallow breath and spoke slowly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I need to go to Marnia.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I have something to confirm.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She grabbed his hand, which was on her cheek, and pulled it down. Theodore, who seemed to follow gently, soon changed direction and grabbed her shoulder.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell. Did something happen?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Your complexion is too pale. What did that man say to you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you everything when I get back.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t want to share her burden of worries with Theodore when her mother\rquote s situation wasn\rquote t confirmed yet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The future also depended on this situation\rquote s outcome. For now, she assumed her mother would be safe, but if not, there were many things to consider.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If her mother required intensive care\'85 Lisbell might have to reconsider this marriage for financial reasons.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though her situation was one thing, she knew well how much Theodore had looked forward to this wedding. She couldn\rquote t let him be rooted in anxiety for something that wasn\rquote t yet certain. Hadn\rquote t she caused him enough worry last time? She didn\rquote t want to push him into another period of anxious waiting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So, can\rquote t you wait for me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I know the wedding is soon. I promise I\rquote ll be back before then.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The strength left his hands on her shoulders. Feeling this, Lisbell bit her lip. The sensation of her body being roughly kneaded was vivid. Anxiety spread like a disease.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Okay.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His touch didn\rquote t completely leave her. Instead, he moved behind and hugged her tightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Okay, so calm down.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re still shaking.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His voice, reminding her of her unnoticed state, was full of concern. Lisbell, who hadn\rquote t reacted for a moment, buried her tear-streaked face in his comforting embrace.\par
\par
 \par
\par
I also want to stop trembling now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
I want to stop being driven by this unknown dread\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
Words she couldn\rquote t voice piled up inside her. They were as murky as a sewer.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even with urgent thoughts, she couldn\rquote t change the physical distance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Clunk, clunk. It was unclear whether the shaking was from the train or her insides.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In such a state of anxiety, she finally arrived in Marnia.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she hurried out of the station, she noticed a familiar figure cutting through the morning light.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor, the man she had briefly been introduced to in the garden of the villa last time, was standing by a stopped car, looking her way. It was as if he had come to pick her up. Confirming her suspicions, he bowed his head slightly in greeting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Master sent me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
With a short explanation of his presence, he opened the back door of the sedan. Lisbell clenched her sweaty hands once, then released them.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though she didn\rquote t want to accept his kindness, she knew better than anyone that such resistance would be futile. She had to head to the hospital anyway, and this car would take her there. Moreover, she had to find traces of Ulrich Altahart, and his secretary was right in front of her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell silently got into the car.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As it started moving, the small scenery of Marnia flowed in like liquid through the window.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It had become so blurry that it no longer looked beautiful to her.\line\line\line Chapter 38\line\line\line\lang9\line It was a small city, so they arrived at the hospital quickly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell followed Victor, who was leading the way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The hospital in the morning was quiet. Every time she saw a patient lying in bed, she flinched. She feared that someone with their face hidden by the blanket might be her mother, a fear that lingered instinctively.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor didn\rquote t stop walking for quite a while. He finally halted deep inside the hospital, in a secluded area. He opened a closed door and stepped aside as if to tell her to go in.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell didn\rquote t step forward immediately but raised her head first.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Beyond the doorframe, like a boundary, sat a man in front of a window where a gentle breeze blew.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His golden hair, easily swayed by the slightest breeze, his straight posture, crossed legs, and the book in his hand created a refined appearance that seemed unbelievable for someone who had once trampled on her dignity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He sensed her presence and lifted his head. Upon seeing Lisbell at the door, he closed the book with a soft \ldblquote Ah.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
By then, Lisbell\rquote s gaze had already shifted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her eyes, lukewarm when directed at the man, now trembled. Her face turned pale. She crossed the threshold, her cautious steps betraying the wariness that had kept her standing. Her dragging steps resembled someone being pulled by the nape.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her legs nearly gave out several times. Despite her staggering, Lisbell headed inside the room, determined to reach the one lying in bed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mother\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Reaching the bed, Lisbell collapsed. She couldn\rquote t believe it, couldn\rquote t accept that her mother was lying there like a living corpse, as the man had said. Her vision blurred with tears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell pulled back the blanket and touched the hand beneath it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She tried to feel the warmth of life, but it was different from her expectations. It was cold, like touching a corpse. Shocked, she quickly covered the hand with the blanket again. Covering it didn\rquote t change anything, but she couldn\rquote t face the reality. Lisbell, her face stained with tears, stared blankly at the bed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How much pain were you in\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She could hardly breathe.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She hadn\rquote t known her mother was in such a state until now, and the man who had taken care of her mother, who had been so dangerous, was the same one who had dragged her into this abyss. Now, he was the only one who could verify her mother\rquote s condition.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The layered despair tightened around Lisbell\rquote s throat.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It seems the problem started with her bronchial tubes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It would have been good if something had been done then, but it was neglected and spread to other organs, resulting in this critical state. I heard she was suffering from several illnesses even before she collapsed.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich placed his book aside and approached the bed. He crouched next to Lisbell, who was sitting beside the bed, meeting her eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If you don\rquote t believe me, I can call the doctor who operated on her to speak with you directly.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His sharp gaze was another form of intimidation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Accusing her of disbelief to her face, challenging her to deny the reality before her eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell felt as though her nerves were coiling like they were facing a giant wave. Instinctively, she turned her head away, only for her chin to be grabbed and pulled back sharply.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So, you should say thank you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If it weren\rquote t for me, your mother might be in a grave by now.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Despite me saving your mother\rquote s life out of goodwill, Lisbell doesn\rquote t even say thank you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t a mere criticism but a quiet reprimand. Once elegant, now it wasn\rquote t. In the room with just two people and a living corpse, he showed his true nature without hesitation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, her face soaked with tears, trembled. Ulrich smiled at her pitiable state. He wiped her wet cheek with his fingers, an act that felt almost coercive, forcing Lisbell to respond.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Th-thank you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Thank you for saving my mother.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The man who instilled deep-seated fear within her, she had to thank him. The reality was wretched. She hated him for diluting her hatred in this way. With a twisted heart, Lisbell expressed her gratitude.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Could anything be more ambivalent?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The man who had temporarily crushed her was the same one who saved her mother. She had no choice but to thank him. It was like kneeling before resentment. The nauseating contradiction returned as invisible arrows tearing at her heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Satisfied with Lisbell\rquote s compliance, he smiled serenely. His hand remained on her face, and so did his gaze. Ulrich\rquote s eyes bore into her tear-streaked, distorted face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When his gaze became unbearable, he finally withdrew his hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell quickly raised her arm to wipe her face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
From now on, she needed to pull herself together. Knowing her mother\rquote s condition was so severe, there were many practical matters to consider.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In truth, she wanted to escape Ulrich\rquote s realm as soon as possible. She couldn\rquote t bear him grasping her weaknesses one by one.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I will never forget this favor. I will take care of my mother from now on\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Who said you could?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85What?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Who said you could take her away?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What do you mean\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The surgery costs, the hospitalization fees\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t be so naive. Are you so unaware of the ways of the world?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s expression stiffened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Yes, he was right.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was a considerable amount of money that Ulrich had spent on her mother\rquote s treatment, a sum that was meant for Lisbell\rquote s family.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knowing this, it was still hard to conceal her bitterness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
While in Marnia, he had willingly paid for even her personal expenses. She knew it was improper, but this amount wouldn\rquote t even dent his finances. Yet, mentioning costs now was\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Are you saying I should repay you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Everything should be accounted for.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If word gets out that I let someone off without paying, what will happen to Altahart\rquote s reputation as a businessman?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Resigned to the inevitable, Lisbell closed her eyes tightly. Unwiped tears rolled down her pale cheeks. Ulrich watched her as if he might lick away the traces and then stood up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He handed her a document from a table. With trembling hands, Lisbell took it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The detailed figures made it clear it was an estimate from the hospital.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But the amount was much larger than she expected.\par
\par
 \par
\par
How could she pay this?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even if she abandoned her wedding plans and used all her savings, it was doubtful she could cover it. Moreover, if she used all the money for the surgery, what about the future treatment costs for her mother?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The more she thought, the more hopeless it seemed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Each clash with reality extended her thoughts into pathetic directions. Finally, she had to speak.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Could anyone in Rechem boast of wealth before this man? She rationalized, telling herself now wasn\rquote t the time for pride, and her flimsy justifications became her only solace.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, but I don\rquote t have the means to repay\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No money.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Then what else?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Was he talking about valuables? Lisbell, who had lived as a commoner with no interest in adornment, had none.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t have any.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I have nothing.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You have nothing?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You have your body.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Before her hesitant words could reach him, Ulrich\rquote s fingers touched her body. His hand moved to her chest, an area too intimate for anyone else to touch so casually.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You have this body.\rdblquote\line\line\line Chapter 39\line\line\line Tap.\par
\par
 \par
\par
With a firm push, his playful gesture nudged her body backward.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thus, Lisbell understood his hidden intention a beat too late. But even understanding didn\rquote t mean she could act immediately. In reality, she was frozen with another meaning, unable to blink an eyelid.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I could do it right now.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The corners of the man\rquote s eyes folded like a hawk\rquote s wings. Smiling leisurely and beautifully, he slowly lowered his fingers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
From her chest to her solar plexus.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I want to go in here.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Past her navel, sinking in a little lower\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The movement was sudden. It might even be called a desperate struggle.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The moment Lisbell realized where Ulrich\rquote s hand was headed, she twisted her body. However, Ulrich, who had anticipated her move, pushed her down forcefully.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her ash-gray hair spread across the cold hospital floor. Lisbell stared dazedly at the sinister figure looming over her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85I\rquote ll pay it back somehow.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote By any means necessary\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote By any means?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So please\'85 don\rquote t do this.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What have I done?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Naive and yet so scared\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote See, I told you you\rquote re just like a cat.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ah, his playful attitude only made her feel more ridiculous.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t as if he was recklessly charging at her like last time, but she felt no relief. His eyes, looking down at her so detachedly, only reflected the primal joy of a beast cornering its prey for sport.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote My wedding is not far off.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I know, it\rquote s late summer now.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m getting married\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you want me to congratulate you again?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It felt like talking to a wall. Whether he felt the same way or not, Ulrich squinted as if he couldn\rquote t understand, then let out a soft \ldblquote Ah\rdblquote  and smirked. He lifted his damp fingers to her cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you think I\rquote m asking you to give up on your wedding?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not. If you want to be the bride in late summer, then go ahead.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote But can you really do that?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though his tone was gentle, his words pierced her heart savagely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You plan to offer your body to another man and then still go through with your engagement? Do you think you can handle that with your weak nature?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His sneer was biting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He always ridiculed her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Only now was she vaguely realizing that this was how he always saw her. Ulrich might have always been mocking her. She had thought he might be good at acting, but that didn\rquote t mean she was exempt from being his target.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s flawless social skills might have extended even to her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As soon as she uttered a word, she realized her mistake. Her pale face and trembling lips revealed her fear.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Have I made a mistake towards you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mistake?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If not, then why\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why do you keep doing this to me\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was no coincidence. Amidst the continuous incidents, Ulrich\rquote s malice was vividly alive. Even if it was an elaborate plot to bring her down, it was no exaggeration.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The theft incident that never happened didn\rquote t need to be mentioned, and this time was no different. While her mother\rquote s condition might have been a coincidence, the fact that he covered the surgery costs to use it against her was entirely his intention and choice.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At this point, it was clear to her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich continuously put her in difficult situations.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, it was all intentional.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He had a natural talent for creating situations. With his background and money, there was nothing he couldn\rquote t do, instilling both reverence and fear in her. No matter how much she struggled, she realized it was futile against him\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
She couldn\rquote t understand why, so she finally voiced it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mocking me, tormenting me, constantly pushing me like this. What is the underlying reason? Lisbell had no choice but to become genuinely curious.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why are you doing this?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He looked as if he had been asked an obvious question.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s simple.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I can do this.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His eyes, now fully revealing their depths, were chillingly clear. They showed the truth, ideals, and reality. Ulrich truly, without a shadow of a doubt, believed it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, you want to marry Mr. Motier.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m doing this because I want to.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Does desire need any more reason?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He whispered, simply saying he wanted to, as if his words were an inexplicable noise in the distance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s eyes fluttered. Tears that hadn\rquote t yet dried flowed down her cheeks.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich eventually wiped them away with his fingers and brought them to his lips. Although it was just a drop of tears, it felt as if her soul had been sucked out\'85 Was this feeling connected to the despair slowly consuming her whole body?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Cicadas chirping.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound of cicadas, a symbol of summer, disrupted the morning hospital atmosphere.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The intense sound would fade with time, as was the nature of the returning seasons.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But Lisbell couldn\rquote t imagine the end of summer as clearly as before. No matter how hard she tried, it remained blurry as if smudged by her hands.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She was certain of one thing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If she hadn\rquote t set foot in Marnia, his paradise, she wouldn\rquote t have ended up at this foolish crossroads.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her pupils, widened in shock, gradually calmed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
People often make foolish choices even when they know they\rquote re wrong.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That\rquote s how Lisbell was now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mother lying unconscious in a hospital bed, the secret she hid from Theodore, the insurmountable financial problems, and the precious future she still wanted to protect\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
Cicadas chirping.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound of cicadas was still intense.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Summer, the season of breeding.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell couldn\rquote t shake off the thought that her misfortune, which fell upon her suddenly, was also breeding like that.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Ugh.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her curled-up body shrank even more inward. Like a small pill bug rolling away after being tapped by someone\rquote s foot, Lisbell only showed movements of wanting to hide somewhere. Each time the man\rquote s persistent breath fell on her back, it was the same.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hah\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His breath was as hot and heavy as if he had swallowed the scorching summer sun.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Each drop felt like a heavy rock, difficult to bear. It didn\rquote t just settle; it poured down. The unusual temperature and rhythm made it clear what he was doing now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, who was rubbing her forehead against the sheet, wanted to bury her face entirely to muffle the inevitable moans.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But just the other day, she had been severely scolded for trying to stifle her moans. The man had developed a new hobby of listening to her moans. Any attempt to disrupt his newfound pastime was met with harsh retribution.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, exhaling warm breath, pushed aside the slip covering her back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The rough feel of the lace trim on the slip was strange. Lisbell normally didn\rquote t wear such lacy slips. The fact that she was wearing this and on this bed was entirely his doing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Under the \lquote repayment contract\rquote , a few bedroom rules had been established.\par
\par
 \par
\par
First, when called, Lisbell must stop whatever she was doing and come to Ulrich\rquote s bedroom. Second, she must wear a slip that was easy to remove.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Because of this, with just one movement of his hand, Lisbell had to expose her clean, dry back.\line\line\par
Chapter 40\line\line\line Ulrich poked at her sharply raised shoulder blade with his fingertip and pressed the soft flesh firmly with his penis.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s rounded shoulder line trembled. It wasn\rquote t just there that convulsed. The lower part, filled with his entire length, also trembled as if strained.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, huh\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
In that state, he pressed his pubic bone fully against her perineum, making their lower bodies one. As he gently scratched the entrance with the veins on his penis, Lisbell, who was lying down, vibrated as if hit by a spark.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, wearing a languid smile, rubbed and ground the deep spot with his glans fully inserted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha, ugh! Ah\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The place you feel is deep.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh, huh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I noticed you react when I touch deep inside your throat too.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I thought it was because it was your first time\'85 but it seems you were born with this preference.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was Ulrich\rquote s talent to speak elegantly yet crudely. Using that talent without filter, he grabbed her buttocks that curved temptingly. The slight flesh of her buttocks fit perfectly in his hand as he traced the overall outline.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Holding it tightly, not allowing any escape, Ulrich relentlessly pounded the inside. The penis, already covered in her fluids, squelched as it moved out, spraying sticky droplets.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Licking his lips, he observed the debauched traces. Twisting her buttocks until the flesh was mashed, he spread them wide, making the eager entrance, swollen with small wrinkles, more visible.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When he fumbled with one finger, feeling the fervent traces, Lisbell shrank her reddened nape. Smiling silently at her sensitive reaction, he adjusted his posture and thrust deeply into her inner wall.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ughi Ah, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her split buttocks crumbled without resistance, struggling to contain his forearm-sized member.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you know that your belly tenses whenever I rub inside like this?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh, ung\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A snicker. This time, a rather loud laugh descended. Lisbell was now afraid of his laughter. Ulrich no longer hid his sneer towards her. She feared what kind of ridicule it would be, a learned response from past experiences.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You said you wanted to do it from behind first.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh, uh, ah, ah\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Was it all for this? Hm?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He straightened his spine and slapped, slapped, slappedi pounded Lisbell\rquote s buttocks as he thrust fiercely. Every time the tip of his penis, snaking its way through the curves, hit the stimulation point, white spots burst in her head. She could only clutch the hapless sheet and gasp.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No. It wasn\rquote t for that reason at all.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The reason for insisting on this position\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re trying to have fun in your own way\'85 right.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Well, I agree. If you\rquote re going to have sex, it\rquote s better to enjoy it together. Probing and touching where it feels good\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, panting shortly, quickly shook his pelvis. Each time the man thrust his hips fervently, Lisbell felt as if she were sinking deep somewhere. Even though she was on the bed, it felt like being driven into the cold, hard floor below, inducing a sense of self-loathing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh! Uh\'85! Ah\'85 uh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A large hand crawled inside her nearly stripped slip. Already overwhelmed with tingling and heat, she was disoriented, but his hand still grasped her breast, hitting the peak. The pulling sensation, as if to tear the scant flesh away, spread a numbing sensation. His hands, twirling her nipples, immediately soothed the pain. It was a disorienting caress.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, uh! Ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85 tight again. Unless you\rquote re trying to turn me into a premature ejaculator, why don\rquote t you relax a bit.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, snickering, grabbed her breasts firmly without wasting any motion and thrust forcefully.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Between Lisbell\rquote s reddened buttocks, Ulrich\rquote s clean penis moved in and out relentlessly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As a result, only Lisbell\rquote s pubic hair, moistened with fluid, stuck to her skin. Ulrich, finding the hair similar in color to her own, fondled it curiously while continuing to thrust.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Every time he forcefully penetrated the pleasingly tight interior, a thrilling tension pulled at the back of his neck. Like an animal savoring a taste, he licked his lips multiple times, thumping her buttocks rhythmically with his pelvic bone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even a single thrust pushed so deep that the pressure of organs being squeezed was unrelenting. This made Lisbell, while being penetrated, subconsciously feel her lower abdomen several times. Though knowing it was impossible, she worried her belly might bulge bluntly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh, ah, ah, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The erratic speed, alternating between fast and slow like a playful game, began to quicken again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
This time, it felt a bit different. Lisbell sensed he was ready to release the built-up sexual tension and clenched her toes, bracing her lower belly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He twisted her erect nipples, hoping she\rquote d better swallow his swollen member. The force was such that her coral-colored breasts might be pulled out whole. Sometimes he would neglect to exert force where needed and, conversely, handle delicately areas that needed careful attention roughly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Aahi Ughi Ahi Ah, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s high-pitched moans filled the dark bedroom as Ulrich, grabbing her split buttocks, pulled back. His penis, hard with imminent ejaculation, swelled. The robust organ barely exited, scratching the wet entrance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As Lisbell gasped, her prone body was grabbed, flipping her vision upside down.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Having kept her eyes closed throughout the ordeal, the invading light in her barely opened eyes was faint. Unable to gather her sprawling limbs, Ulrich grabbed her chin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Time to do it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
And third, instead of ejaculating inside, she must always receive his semen orally.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, with her moist eyelids trembling, slowly parted her lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Straddling her face, Ulrich looked at her red, crumpled eyes and stroked his trembling penis. His hand movement was obscenely suggestive.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The veins on its surface pulsated violently. The thick shaft and the split testicles below seemed impatient to release their fluid, responding obscenely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He shifted his gaze to her slightly open lips and stiffened tongue. As if imagining a rough suck, he eyed her fiercely and pressed his blunt glans into her small mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Uh, ugh\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
White semen spurted out thickly. Not a single drop of the arousal byproduct escaped Lisbell\rquote s mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sticky taste sweeping through her mouth was torturous. Knowing he wouldn\rquote t like it, Lisbell nonetheless couldn\rquote t help but frown.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He smirked, touching her face, which was marred with unsightly wrinkles.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Warm.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell seems to have a knack for taking things in, either from above or below.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, making that comment about Lisbell\rquote s mouth filled with his glans, didn\rquote t withdraw immediately after ejaculating but lightly shook his hips. Although only the glans was inserted, its sheer size made it feel like her mouth was completely full. It was like having someone\rquote s clenched fist in her mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The overwhelming weight of the penis, threatening to tear her inner walls of mouth, made Lisbell struggle.\line\line\line\line Chapter 41\line\line\line Ulrich persistently shook his waist to extract all the liquid before finally pulling the tip out of her mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the accumulated semen inside was pushed out, the white mucus trailed along his organ and her parted lips. Ulrich chuckled at the messy sight and gestured to his genitals.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Will you lick it clean?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You promised to eat it all.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell stared at him with teary eyes before slowly sticking out her tongue. As she extended her tongue like a cat to lick his erect glans, she felt like a cheap prostitute selling her body for a few coins.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Wanting to break away from these self-destructive thoughts, Lisbell hurriedly licked his glans.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, letting out a deep moan, adjusted the position of his head to make it easier for her to lick.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her soft, wet tongue grazed the thick skin of his glans, the erotic curves on the top, and the small urethral opening in the center.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though slightly softened after one ejaculation, his penis quickly became stimulated and began to swell again under the delicate movements of her tongue. Fully aware of his reaction, Lisbell closed her eyes in despair. Even in this situation, fearing his wrath, she couldn\rquote t stop her tongue. It was the submissive stance of a weakling.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re quite good at this now.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote When I first told you to do it, you were drooling all over the place.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
After confirming that his penis was clean with no traces of semen, he pulled back. Lisbell, withdrawing her tongue which had become numb from the teasing, looked troubled.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich quickly grasped the reason. Like his straight, erect penis, his neatly sprouted fingers pried open Lisbell\rquote s half-closed lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Ugh!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Swallow it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As expected, he confirmed the accumulated semen inside her mouth and sneered. Suspecting she would spit it out when he wasn\rquote t looking, Ulrich pushed his fingers deeper.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The intruding fingers soon reached the back of her throat. Lisbell\rquote s legs, pinned beneath him, thrashed as if she were being strangled.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ignoring her violent resistance, Ulrich pushed his fingers deeper into her narrow, wet mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Gulp.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The taste that finally went down her throat seemed to spread a fishy smell throughout her body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, having accidentally swallowed with his fingers still deep in her throat, couldn\rquote t help but retch. As soon as he withdrew his fingers, which had been buried so deep that no knuckles were visible, Lisbell turned her body sharply.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she gagged and curled up, Ulrich gently stroked her tangled hair as if feeling sorry for her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Comforting someone suffering from his actions was truly something only Ulrich could do.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though she wanted to immediately brush away his hand, disgusted, she had no strength left. After a few dry heaves, Lisbell finally regained her composure, but before she could hold onto it, her body was dragged.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Swallowing is nice and all.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Ung\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote But it\rquote s a bit disappointing that I can\rquote t kiss you afterward.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ung\'85 ugh.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Sucking on Lisbell\rquote s tongue is surprisingly pleasant.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His gaze, staring at her still-wet lips, was displeasing. Despite his penchant for bizarre acts, it seemed he couldn\rquote t bring himself to kiss her mouth filled with his own semen.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Instead, he bit her nipples, visible through the thin slip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ung\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s hands grabbed his shoulders as if to push him away. Her normally numb nipples felt a sharp thrill from just one flick of his tongue.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A man who pulled her to bed every single day, he never forgot to torment and nibble at her breasts. Despite her complaints, he never let go once he bit down.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He showed such attachment that sometimes he would bury his face in her flat chest and dawdle.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Due to these frequent teases, her breasts had become so sensitive that even a slight pinch or bite could make her back twist.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mm, mm\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell moaned under him as he persistently licked her nipples through the slip. It was her desperate attempt to resist the strange sensation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Has it been about two weeks?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since they began sleeping together.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The pain that had dragged her to a living hell on the first night was, fortunately or unfortunately, no longer present. After a few nights, Ulrich learned her sensitive spots, and his quick, efficient lovemaking left Lisbell trapped in waves of unfamiliar pleasure instead of the splitting pain.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And each time she realized she was feeling it, she was filled with crushing self-loathing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Feeling sexual pleasure from another man\rquote s touch, not Theodore\rquote s, in such a demeaning way, was unthinkable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She was no different from a beast driven only by instinct.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Yet her body, betraying her reason, continued to commit this unimaginable act. The burden on her conscience grew heavier each day.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha, ugh\'85 stop\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Stop?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, catching her slip of the tongue as she inadvertently voiced her restraint while struggling, asked back as if to catch her off guard.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He lifted his head slowly, letting go of her nipple through the slip. His crooked gaze sent a shiver of unease, and then he smirked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t like it through the clothes?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He immediately pulled the slip aside. Her barely protected breasts were now fully exposed. Burying his nose in her non-existent cleavage, he circled his tongue around the protruding tip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell twisted her waist and let out a scream.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The difference between being sucked through the clothes and directly on her skin was subtle yet significant. The transfer of saliva from his tongue and how it trailed was conveyed clearly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Indeed, as if substituting for the kiss he couldn\rquote t give, Ulrich stubbornly clung to her nipples.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even the slightest friction from his tongue was enough to make her waist twist, showing how sensitive her breasts had become. He deliberately made a loud sucking sound as he slid his hand down to her groin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ung, stop\'85 ah\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Resistance was futile. Before she could even fully voice her protest, two fingers entered her at once, spreading her open.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Already melted from several rounds of him tonight, her inner walls parted easily as he scissored his fingers and licked her nipples.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell threw her head back. At some point, her mouth had filled with saliva, unable to swallow as her breath hitched. Meeting Ulrich\rquote s gaze, she knew she couldn\rquote t stop.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t want this\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t want it?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ung, ahi Ung\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yet you\rquote ve already taken three fingers?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without her realizing, the number of fingers increased to three, stretching and probing her inner walls. His fingers skillfully targeted her sensitive spots, making her shake her head. The more violently she reacted, the more Ulrich teased her nipples and moved his fingers faster inside her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, ah\'85 ahh\'85 mm\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her groin grew wetter as her body trembled with each pulse. She felt her insides heating up, a terrifying and unpleasant sensation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In the end, her face turned red as she clung to Ulrich\rquote s arm.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Finally, the fourth finger.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, from behind, ah, from behind, Ulrich\'85i\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The position was always so she couldn\rquote t see his face, with Lisbell on her stomach.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As could be inferred, the rules of their bed play were a strict compromise. For every term from Ulrich\rquote s side, there was a term considering Lisbell\rquote s stance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She saw the contract on the day she returned to this villa and signed it with trembling hands in front of him. How did he react?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ah\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
He smiled, just like now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mocking her desperate behavior, Ulrich firmly held Lisbell\rquote s trembling thighs and thrust inside as he pleased. The three fingers, now moving rapidly, turned into a thick rod, tearing her insides apart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, ah, ah\'85 ahi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Feeling the mess between her legs, goosebumps rose on her skin. Again, the familiar mixture of strange pleasure and self-hatred overwhelmed her.\par
\par
Chapter 42\line\line\line\ldblquote Wasn\rquote t it just for sex that you wanted to do it from behind?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, ah, ah, yes\'85i Ahhh\'85i\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote This isn\rquote t sex. This is, um\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
While prodding and rubbing her wet hole with three fingers, he casually remarked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote This is me helping Lisbell have some fun.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ung, ah\'85i Ah, Ah\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He relentlessly played with Lisbell\rquote s insides as she desperately tried to escape.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she curled up on her side, he continued his actions by lifting one of her overlapping legs. Eventually, he removed two fingers, leaving only his longest middle finger to stir the murky liquid flowing below.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah, ah\'85 ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Caught in a near ecstasy, Lisbell reached a trembling climax.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As soon as she came, Ulrich withdrew his finger, which had been twisted so erratically it defied rhythm. An opaque liquid trailed down his fingertip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Haa, ha\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her vision blurred, her mind shattered.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The lingering pleasure left all over her body pushed her deeper into a twisted guilt.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Every time she did this with Ulrich and felt it intensely, Theodore\rquote s face would come to mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It felt like committing adultery.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She couldn\rquote t stop crying when suddenly her waist was grabbed, and she was dragged, face down, onto the sheets.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The strength spreading her buttocks revealed an unseen lust.\par
\par
 \par
\par
An insatiable, grotesque sexual appetite.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A terrible sensation of a slippery, massive volume slowly pushing into her cleft.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell buried her tear-streaked face in her arm and quietly wiped away her tears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Opening her weary eyelids, Lisbell realized she had fallen asleep. Curled up in the middle of the bed without a pillow, she blinked sleepily.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just then, the sound of water from beyond ceased.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Soon after, Ulrich, with a nightgown over his sculpted naked body, appeared, running his hand through wet hair.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did you wake up?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You were sleeping so quietly, I thought you might be dead.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, making a statement that seemed like a joke, nonchalantly approached the drink table in the bedroom.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He always had a whiskey after sex. Though, it seemed not just because of sex. He appeared to be a drinker. Eventually, she found out that there were drink tables with decanters scattered throughout the villa.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Today too, he filled his glass generously and took a sip before turning back to the bed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Seeing him, Lisbell pushed away the loosely covered blanket and tried to sit up. The idea that she had slept soundly here felt absurd.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Having just woken up, she intended to return to her own bedroom but couldn\rquote t manage it. Every action, from bracing herself on the sheets to lifting her torso and properly sitting down, was more exhausting than she had imagined.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The pain from the sex might have subsided, but the lingering muscle soreness was still there. Honestly, she felt too weak to even move a finger. Thinking about returning to her bedroom on another floor made her sigh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
More than returning, she wanted to wash away his remnants on her body. When she touched her abdomen to pull off the blanket, she felt something sticky. As soon as she wiped it with her palm, she knew what it was.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was Ulrich\rquote s semen.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She remembered it vividly. She had fallen asleep during the act, so he had ejaculated all over her body as if in frustration.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her entire body felt dirty with traces of fatigue and bodily fluids. But she was so exhausted that she couldn\rquote t do anything about it. Even though she was awake, she felt like she was still wandering in a dream.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Want a drink?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, watching her from a tilted stance, shook his empty crystal glass.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell touched her lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was strange. She hadn\rquote t been conscious of it a moment ago, but the mention of a drink made her want to rinse her mouth. It felt as if the semen he had discharged into her was still filling her mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She wanted to run to the bathroom and rinse, but in her current state, even that seemed impossible.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Besides, would water be enough to rid her of this taste?\par
\par
 \par
\par
She thought it might be better to use the high-proof alcohol, so Lisbell nodded slightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He poured the crystal glass generously. The sound of pouring filled the quiet bedroom. The space that had been filled with her moans and his breath always felt awkward.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell took the glass he handed her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As soon as she carefully swallowed a sip, she started coughing violently.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell grabbed her throat. It was just a sip. Yet it felt like her esophagus was burning. She had heard whiskey was strong but hadn\rquote t imagined it would taste this harsh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The glass slipped from her grasp and rolled off the bed, spilling its contents and wetting the floor. Ulrich looked at the spill and then at Lisbell, who was still coughing with a flushed face, and burst into laughter.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85ugh\'85!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The next moment, he pounced on the bed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As his damp blonde hair rustled, Lisbell\rquote s body had already crumpled. He had jumped on her and hugged her tightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell felt like dying in a different way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her whole body already ached as if trampled, and now, on top of the effect of the strong liquor, being pinned down by a much larger man left her disoriented.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But her dismay was brief; Lisbell wriggled to escape his embrace.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Let go, let me go. I need to go back to my room\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why not stay here tonight? You look too weak to even get up.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell opened her mouth but then closed it firmly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
From her experiences, she knew he was very stubborn. Once he decided on something, he would make sure to see it through. He might say she could do as she wished, but the reality was different. She already saw him in a negative light.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dragging her tired body into an argument, risking another session starting, would be bad for her. She was so exhausted that she could fall asleep immediately if she closed her eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
I must smell right now\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unlike Ulrich, who had cleaned up, she hadn\rquote t even gotten rid of the sweat accumulated overnight. Falling asleep during sex meant she wasn\rquote t in a clean state.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thinking about it briefly, she changed her mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell remembered the repayment contract he had handed her in the parlor. He had proposed replacing her debt with sexual intercourse, specifying the term clearly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The period extended to late summer, almost the end of autumn.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Seeing that, Lisbell realized clearly that contrary to his words about not interfering with her marriage to Theodore, he was intent on ruining it. Otherwise, there would be no reason to keep her until late summer.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The period written there could change.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If I get tired of you before then, the contract will end there.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His nonchalant comment while holding a cigarette had struck her deeply. For her, a situation shaking the foundation of her life was just a whim for him, ending whenever he got bored.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Was he telling her to have hope or to sink into despair?\par
\par
 \par
\par
His words left her uncertain.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ultimately, both despair and hope remained for Lisbell. The nightly endurance was despair, while hope was naturally\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
[- What do you mean, Lisbell? Postpone the wedding?]\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she signed the contract, she didn\rquote t cry. But tears welled up when she called Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Listening to his urgent voice on the other end, Lisbell couldn\rquote t respond immediately. Leaning against the wall, hearing him ask what happened made her feel choked up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
All she wanted was to marry Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But why had things turned out this way? Lisbell felt confused and overwhelmed, fearing she might never escape this maze. By the time she realized, her face was already drenched in tears.\line\line\line Chapter 43\line\line\line Drip, drip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
I lifted my head hurriedly after only watching the traces of falling droplets on the floor. Theodore\rquote s insistent questioning, sensing something was wrong from my lack of response, demanded my attention.\par
\par
 \par
\par
[What\rquote s going on? Are you in trouble? If you\rquote re in Marnia right now, I\rquote ll come to you. Lisbell. Let\rquote s meet and talk.]\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
[No?]\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t come, Theo. You\'85 there\rquote s no need for you to come here.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Swoosh~\par
\par
 \par
\par
Guilt stirred again, like a mischief.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What started as a small seed had grown to the size of a fist, pounding relentlessly against Lisbell\rquote s heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
[No need\'85?]\par
\par
 \par
\par
Such words born from that kind of heart only led to awkward misunderstandings.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell bit and released her lips as she listened to his reaction over the receiver.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even in this moment, intense dilemmas flooded her mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Should I tell Theodore everything?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Should I tell him that this is happening to me, that the current situation is such that I cannot leave Marnia, that my mother\rquote s life is tied to that man, and that I cannot irresponsibly abandon her to return to you\'85?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her fingers gripping the receiver turned pale.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Soon, a dry laugh slipped quietly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What If I tell him?\par
\par
 \par
\par
If I tell him, will all this misfortune that has come to me be resolved?\par
\par
 \par
\par
No.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Of course, if it were Theodore, he would surely step in wholeheartedly. If I told him I was held hostage for my mother\rquote s surgery costs, he would help with all he had, even if it meant using the funds meant for the wedding. But even if he stepped in, the wedding would still have to be postponed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even if we managed to repay my mother\rquote s surgery costs and secure our livelihood, what about after that?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The repayment contract Ulrich presented included all hospitalization fees for the specified period. The price for her being in his bed was that high. The thought that her mother\rquote s future treatment costs would not be insignificant kept her from stopping such self-destructive judgments.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Misfortune doesn\rquote t lessen when shared. It only increases the burden, creating two hardships instead of one. Comforting herself would be brief, but the heavy reality would continue to tighten its grip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That\rquote s why misfortune is called misfortune.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell thought it was enough for her alone to tumble within this misfortune. She loved Theodore too much to drag him further in.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In reality, she knew well that, for his sake, she should be asking for a breakup to prevent him from getting hurt any further.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But she couldn\rquote t bring herself to do it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Now, this was the only hope she could hold onto\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
If even this were gone, she wouldn\rquote t be able to endure her time in this villa. Even if it was merely a result of her selfishness, without that small straw, she had nothing else to grasp\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Sorry, Theo. I\rquote ll explain everything later. I\rquote d like to postpone the wedding date to winter.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her selfishness manifested so clearly. Even if it seemed difficult, she couldn\rquote t utter the words suggesting a breakup. She was fully aware that Theodore might end up disappointed in her and take such a step himself, but still\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
In truth, she knew Theodore wouldn\rquote t do that.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since she was the one who loved him the most, having known him to always be kind and gentle.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That phone call was her last contact with Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And two weeks had passed since then.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell recalled the phone call she ended without hearing an answer and shivered. A strong arm pulled her back firmly by the waist. Ulrich\rquote s gestures were always like this. Whenever he wanted something, he had to pull it right in front of him, never hiding his rudeness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If he were someone who understood such things, he wouldn\rquote t have put her in such trouble in the first place. This method had been ingrained in Ulrich since childhood.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, your hair is tangled again.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who was hugging her warmly from behind, buried his face in Lisbell\rquote s ashen hair, tickling her skin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It tangles so easily.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is it because it\rquote s thin and wavy\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He pointed out her flaws, but his actions were contrary. He swayed his face leisurely as if enjoying something pleasant.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell closed her eyes, ignoring his warm breath on the back of her head. She wanted to fall asleep like this, but she was bothered by Ulrich constantly stroking her flat lower abdomen with his broad palm. She had an uneasy feeling that it would soon change its demeanor and threaten her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you know the large farm in Crimpford?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, she couldn\rquote t easily fall asleep, and Ulrich suddenly asked. Lisbell didn\rquote t answer. It seemed he wasn\rquote t expecting a reply as he continued nonchalantly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote When I was a child, my father took me there to broaden my horizons.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t expect much, but the farm\rquote s scale was impressive. The green fields stretched endlessly to the horizon.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her head felt heavy and dizzy. Could a single sip of whiskey make her drunk? Lisbell curled up inwardly. Ulrich persistently stuck to the back of her head, following her like a caterpillar. Occasionally, he stretched out his arms and pulled her curly hair.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote While my father was meeting the farm owner, I wandered around, exploring the outdoors. Do you know what amazed me the most?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
I don\rquote t know.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And I don\rquote t want to.\par
\par
 \par
\par
One sip had made her mind feel loose, while this man\rquote s pronunciation and speech were perfectly intact. Was this rambling a drunken behavior? I don\rquote t know. I just don\rquote t want to know.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It was the cotton field. It was a hot season like now, and the cotton bolls were in full bloom.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The white bolls looked as if snow had fallen in summer.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
What he said kept reminding her of someone, making it harder to kill her consciousness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore, who was born as the son of a textile factory owner. He, too, often talked about the farms and cotton fields in his hometown, just like Ulrich was doing now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thinking of Theodore while being entwined naked with another man on the bed made her feel disgusted with herself.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell\rquote s hair feels like the cotton bolls I held then.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a cute texture\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The slight intoxication and the heavy drowsiness combined, and her mind was completely dazed. She wished the sound would slowly fade, but unfortunately, everything was clearly audible. It was exhausting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The words she just heard were something Theodore had once said.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He had told her that her naturally curly hair often tangled and was annoying to manage, but he found it cute like a cloud. Her fianc\'e9 had once uttered such ticklish words.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Now, hearing Ulrich dirty those words Theodore had once said, while mentioning things that reminded her of Theodore, made her feel cursed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her loosening mind gradually lost strength.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just before falling asleep, she envisioned Theodore\rquote s radiant smile towards her like the sun. In her fading consciousness, she ran into his arms.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A mirage-like sensation that would disappear the moment she grasped it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Swoosh-\par
\par
 \par
\par
Twisting both ends of a soaked towel, water droplets fell refreshingly. Lisbell, who watched it silently, folded the towel twice, leaving it with just enough moisture. Then, she carefully wiped her mother\rquote s arm that was sticking out from under the blanket.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If only her mother\rquote s eyelids would flutter even once, she would have no more wishes, but her mother\rquote s face remained as serene as always, continuing her quiet sleep.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After the surgery, Mrs. Osborne had been transported to this villa the moment Lisbell signed the contract. Now, in this cozy bedroom, she received lavish care beyond their means.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Under normal circumstances, such expensive medicine being administered morning and night, and the personal physician of the Altahart family coming to Marnia to check on her daily, would be unimaginable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But even in such a perfect environment, her mother showed no sign of waking up. Lisbell\rquote s days passed by caring for her mother. Except for the times when Ulrich summoned her to his bedroom, she spent all her time here.\line\line\line\line Lisbell stared blankly at her mother, who lay as if only her body remained, devoid of her soul.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Mother.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knowing there would be no response, she still opened her mouth. Her parched and cracked voice, a testament to her broken expectations, echoed in the beautiful yet desolate room before fading away.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell hesitated again as she moved her hand, which had paused for a moment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why didn\rquote t you tell me?\par
\par
 \par
\par
If her mother were to regain consciousness, that was the first question she wanted to ask. It simmered with many emotions.\par
\par
 \par
\par
There was guilt for not recognizing the condition of her only family member, relief that her mother had survived in some way, and, on the other hand\'85 a thinly veiled question of why her mother hadn\rquote t informed her earlier, leaving her to be caught like a hostage in a man\rquote s grasp.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, lost in thought, shook her head.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The strange thoughts made her shrink back. Almost scolding herself, she diligently continued to clean her mother\rquote s body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mother\rquote s frame, usually hidden beneath clothes, was emaciated. It was like a fragile straw that couldn\rquote t withstand the harsh winter winds.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell bit the inside of her cheek and quickly pulled down her mother\rquote s dress.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After making a round of the bed to clean her mother, she sat back in the chair. She hung the now dry towel over the basin and picked up a book she had taken from the study.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Opening to the page she had left off, she cleared her throat. She worried that her hoarse voice from the previous night\rquote s distress might sound unpleasant to her mother.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though her mother was unconscious, Lisbell wanted her to know she was there, so she always read aloud quietly. Today was no different. Her slightly husky voice filled the silent room like a constant background noise.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She was about to turn a page full of lines of text.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Late summer wind blew through the open window. Her loose ash-gray hair swayed gently.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell lifted her eyes from the book.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The midday sun blazed fiercely in the sky. At such moments, Lisbell often felt dazed. She was engulfed in thoughts, wondering what she was doing in such a peaceful scene.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Really, what am I doing now?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Although she was sitting upright, it felt like she was faltering like someone who had lost their balance. As she realized that the previously stifling hot wind of Marnia no longer felt so intense, she felt more disoriented.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The realization that the summer she had once eagerly awaited was passing by so meaninglessly deepened this feeling.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knock, knock.\par
\par
 \par
\par
An unexpected knock approached like an unwelcome guest.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell hurriedly turned to the door. Ulrich, whose appearance she hadn\rquote t noticed, was leaning against the door with his arms crossed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It felt strangely surreal for him to be in her mother\rquote s bedroom. During the week she spent caring for her mother, he had never shown his face here.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t know the reason, but she was just grateful. She no longer wanted to be in the same space with him and her mother. The frustration from the hospital room, which had been so brightly lit that she felt even more insignificant, still lingered deeply within her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You were here.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His tone was monotonous, as if it were obvious she was there.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell closed the book and stood up. Even though he hadn\rquote t completely entered the room, it felt uncomfortable for the three of them to be together.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You have a visitor, Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she was about to leave and ask about the visitor, Ulrich spoke first.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Visitor?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Noticing her puzzled look, he added with a smile.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theodore Motier.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s steps halted abruptly. Ulrich tilted his head, not taking his eyes off her face. Leaning against the wooden door, he continued to smile enigmatically.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Your fianc\'e9 is here.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As Lisbell stood frozen in disbelief, Ulrich knocked on the door again. The knocking sound seemed like a command to snap her out of her daze.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Finally, Lisbell, whose vision was blurred, muttered.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo\'85 is here?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve instructed him to wait in the drawing room.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore was\'85 in the drawing room, in this villa. Her fianc\'e9 was in the same city, the same area, the same building. What should have been an exciting prospect felt eerily disturbing. Lisbell unconsciously rubbed her arm.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Are you going to meet him?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If not, I\rquote ll send him away.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Noi\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She hastily grabbed Ulrich as he interpreted her silence and turned to leave.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t\'85 just send him away\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She quickly understood why Theodore had come all the way here. If it had been her, she would have done the same. If he had suddenly left saying he had an urgent matter and then only sent a message to postpone the wedding, she would have done the same. So, there was no need to ponder why he was here. The answer was in her actions.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich watched Lisbell in silence. His dry gaze, like sand in the desert, did not waver from her confused face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He soon smiled subtly and entered the bedroom.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Alright, then let\rquote s meet him.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell backed away as he approached. But Ulrich, with his long strides, caught her arm first.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without a moment to react, she was dragged and seated somewhere. It was the vanity table that stood like a decoration in a corner of the room.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ouch\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As his hands suddenly dug into her scalp, Lisbell reflexively bit her lip. Her loose ash-gray hair, now untied, gathered under his skillful hands.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He combed through the stray hairs and tidied the messy parts before loosening the tie around his neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just before summer, he had often left his shirt buttons open freely. But at some point, he had started wearing ties, mostly black ones, similar to the one Lisbell had once given him as a gift. Lisbell decided not to care about him anymore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich gently untied his tie and used it to tie Lisbell\rquote s hair.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It looks much better.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Was it because her unruly hair was now neatly tied, or because the tie he used was his own? His ambiguous words were puzzling.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s uneasy expression was reflected in the mirror.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You know where the drawing room is, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He grabbed Lisbell\rquote s ponytail and kissed the nape of her white neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Their eyes met in the mirror.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His eyes were like a blue chain. The feeling of being bound tightly, just by looking, could only be described this way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It could be an unconscious manifestation. The guilt she felt toward Theodore made her feel remorse just by facing those eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As her entanglements with Ulrich increased, the secrets she couldn\rquote t share with Theodore weighed her down like a heavy burden. Since arriving at this villa, she had never felt light-hearted or free from worry.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please, enjoy your time with your fianc\'e9.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Leaving behind these oddly elusive words, he exited the bedroom.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, left alone, still couldn\rquote t move. Her face in the mirror looked as pale as a sheet. She sat there, unable to do anything, until the church bells tolled, filling the entire villa with their sound. Finally, she managed to get up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Because Theodore was waiting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the twelfth bell rang, Lisbell arrived in front of the drawing room.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Standing in front of the closed door, she couldn\rquote t describe her feelings. The drawing room was where everything had begun. She had come to apologize on behalf of her mother for a crime she hadn\rquote t committed\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell closed her eyes tightly and gently placed her hand on the door. Then she slowly pushed it open.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The drawing room in the afternoon was filled with small rays of light. In the wavering sunlit waves, someone stood up abruptly. The simple gesture conveyed feelings of joy, surprise, longing, and tenderness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No, perhaps it was her own feelings.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Lisbelli\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was no wonder, for her fianc\'e9, who had always been like a mirage, was now truly in front of her.\par
\par
* * *\line\line\line It was Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t a dream, but the reality of him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unable to believe it, Lisbell stood by the door for a long time, unable to react. Theodore couldn\rquote t just stand there quietly watching. As soon as the door opened and Lisbell\rquote s face appeared, he ran over and grabbed his fianc\'e9e\rquote s hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Warmth spread from where he touched her. Despite the season, the warmth that had somehow been elusive, felt like summer. This brought her dulled senses back to life.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo. How did you get here\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Of course, I came to see you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t accept that one phone call telling me you wanted to postpone the wedding. So, I came to ask you directly.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore suggested they sit down and led Lisbell into the drawing room.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At the end of the hallway, the unchanged sofa from the past greeted her. The memories of what happened here came back, making her stop instinctively. Fortunately, the reaction was so slight that Theodore didn\rquote t notice.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In front of Theodore was a cup of coffee, seemingly prepared for a guest. There was no steam rising from it, suggesting it had gone cold, and it looked like he hadn\rquote t taken a single sip. This reflected Theodore\rquote s anxious state, causing her heart to ache.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
She never imagined such a moment would come while being with Theodore. Holding hands, sitting close enough for their knees to touch, looking into each other\rquote s eyes but unable to speak easily, feeling the awkwardness first and foremost.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The atmosphere was tense, unlike a couple who had promised to marry. Lisbell didn\rquote t know how to break the silence and looked down slightly. She stared at the back of Theodore\rquote s hand, tightly holding hers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, look at me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Okay.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
What will he ask first?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why are you here?\par
\par
 \par
\par
What exactly happened suddenly?\par
\par
 \par
\par
What\rquote s the exact reason for postponing the wedding?\par
\par
 \par
\par
There were so many questions she couldn\rquote t guess. And it saddened her that she couldn\rquote t guess.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she first saw Theodore, she felt like she had finally woken up from a nightmare. But now, stepping out of that shattered dream, a reality where she couldn\rquote t take a single step forward awaited her like a beast with its jaws wide open.\par
\par
 \par
\par
All that remained was to be swallowed up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, she wanted to turn around and run away\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did you have something to eat?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Among the many expected questions, Theodore asked something completely unexpected.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell doubted her ears for a moment. But the next moment proved there was nothing wrong. The familiar smile on Theodore\rquote s face and his comforting hand caressing her cheek were evidence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You seem to have lost some weight. Your complexion doesn\rquote t look good\'85. Are you eating well?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Are you sick?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the affectionate questions continued, Lisbell felt herself breaking down bit by bit. The many fears that fueled her avoidance gradually subsided, leaving only a strong yearning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Yes, Theodore was this kind of person.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She loved him because she knew his nature and this type of kindness. No, she still loved him. His kindness, which made her lean on him whenever something tough happened, hadn\rquote t changed despite the uncertain situation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No, Theo. I\rquote m fine. So don\rquote t worry.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, really\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry. For making you come all the way here.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t need to apologize. I came on my own.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell leaned into the palm caressing her cheek and closed her eyes. Something lightly touched and then left her forehead. She knew it was his lips without even seeing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
They were officially engaged. Despite that, Theodore\rquote s cautious and tender behavior contrasted sharply with someone who had treated her worse than a discarded toy.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell\'85 Is there something wrong with your mother?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Before coming to the drawing room, she recalled wiping her arms and legs with a towel.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even covered with soft bedding, her emaciated body and deathly pale complexion, almost devoid of any warmth, made her worry if she had already stopped breathing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No matter how much I think about it, I can\rquote t guess anything else. Lisbell, you always think and worry about your mother, no matter where you are. If there\rquote s nothing wrong with her, then you wouldn\rquote t be acting like this.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Tell me. Is something wrong with your mother?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Even if it\rquote s not that, if something is troubling you, don\rquote t hide it from me and tell me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
What\rquote s troubling me?\par
\par
 \par
\par
It\rquote s this villa where we\rquote re together right now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Facing you like this in this prison-like place is unbearable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So many visible things are pressing and weighing me down.\par
\par
 \par
\par
For example, the pavilion in the garden over your shoulder, the memories of crouching in this drawing room without feeling sunlight, even the tie that feels like it\rquote s gripping my hair\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Because of all that, even the time spent with Theodore couldn\rquote t be separated from the man. And that was the very hardship Theodore was painfully curious about.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore suddenly clasped her hands.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell,\rdblquote  he whispered softly, his voice full of sorrow. Through her tear-blurred vision, she saw Theodore gritting his teeth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Damn it. Something did happen, didn\rquote t it? Why are you crying? Tell me what happened. I need to know. Okay?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote This is just my guess, but\'85 coming to Marnia, not answering about your mother\'85. Is it related to that man?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore continuously wiped her silent tears with his palm. He didn\rquote t realize what kind of misunderstanding he was creating, but his face grew increasingly serious.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is it? It\rquote s related to that man, the owner of this villa, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is it a financial issue?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell involuntarily curled her shoulders. Theodore, who was fully focused on her, couldn\rquote t miss the change. His face hardened further. Certain he was right, Theodore resolutely grabbed her shoulders.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll help you, Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll help you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll find a way to raise money. Even if we have to delay the wedding, I\rquote ll gather as much as I can. If that\rquote s not enough\'85 I can contact my parents in Renbruck.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I heard my father recently signed a new farm and supply contract. I was worried about the sudden investment amount, but the broker who introduced the farm seems to be reputable. He trusted the investment, so once the contract is done, the factory sales will increase effectively in the first half of the year. If that happens, helping you won\rquote t be difficult.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, we promised to share our future. That naturally includes situations like this. You don\rquote t have to handle everything alone.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
At that moment, she could read the responsibility in his eyes. Theodore wasn\rquote t pretending. He was sincere. He genuinely dreamt of a future with Lisbell and was extending his hand to solve the difficulties she faced.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The hand she always thought was like a mirage was now a reality she could grasp right in front of her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell stared at it blankly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She believed she should never rely on him. She didn\rquote t want to drag Theodore into this valley of misfortune, feeling like a cutting north wind at every turn. She firmly believed that was how she protected her love.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But he had come, he offered to help, and he was extending his hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The days she endured in this cruel and lonely space flashed quickly. The more she counted the tough and anxious days, the harder it was to ignore his hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Should I take it?\par
\par
 \par
\par
If I hold this hand, can I escape this valley of misfortune that won\rquote t let go?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Hope, thought to be faded and blurred, surged anew, pulsing through her body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell met Theodore\rquote s eyes. She grimaced, unable to hold back the sob rising from deep inside.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I, I\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her lips were just about to open.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Bangi\par
\par
 \par
\par
A gunshot echoed through the drawing room.\line\line\line The lingering echo left by the sound was extremely sharp and intense. It felt like a drill boring into the brain. It was evidenced by the figures of the two people, frozen solid. Their pupils, containing only each other, trembled as if swept away by the wind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Bangi\par
\par
 \par
\par
A gunshot rang out again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound was so sudden and startling that it felt as if someone had fired a gun right next to their ears. But it wasn\rquote t so. Only now, a little late, did the sense of distance set in. The space was strictly separated. The gunshot came from outside the window.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What is it\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore, seemingly just as bewildered, looked towards the window with a dazed expression. Seeing him react this way confirmed that the sound indeed came from outside.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So this space remained unharmed, but Lisbell felt overwhelmed as if she had been struck by it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A moment from the past fiercely resurfaced.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The savage gunfire that suddenly assaulted the senses while walking down a hallway, just like now. When she peeked outside the window, startled, there was a man aiming at a target in a textbook-perfect stance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is someone practicing shooting?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore\rquote s voice was intermittently cut off because the gunshots still invaded this space. He squinted one eye as if the noise was bothersome. Lisbell, looking at his face, thought of just one thing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After the continuous gunfire sounds, the target board seen in a flash\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
The pitiful target board, damaged almost perfectly with only the center deeply pitted as if hit every time.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Cold sweat trickled down her spine. She felt another chill. The brief summer she had reclaimed was quickly ebbing away like a receding tide. The season was breaking down again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even amidst this, the continuing gunfire sounded just like Ulrich\rquote s sneering laughter, mocking her. It felt like the sound wasn\rquote t just tearing at her ears but at her heart as well. Recalling his trivial stories she had half-listened to in the past.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you know the large farm in Crimpford?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It was the cotton field. It was a hot season like now, and the cotton bolls were in full bloom.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The topic that used to torment her by associating it with Theodore, so much that she wanted to pass out by forcefully pushing herself to drink, now prickled her sharply for no apparent reason.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, this sound\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore, stretching his neck to figure out where the sound was coming from, looked back at her. Lisbell saw a peculiar seed of despair in his face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Your father, the farm he newly contracted this time\'85 is it the large farm in Crimpford?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore\rquote s eyes widened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes. How did you know?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ah.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ah.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ah\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The myriad of thoughts occupying her mind scattered. The gunfire, which had been ringing in her ears like tinnitus, ceased. But Lisbell still felt as if she could hear something. Thump, thump, thump. A blunt but heavier throbbing than the gunfire hammered down her entire body like an ax.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She realized only a moment later.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was her own heartbeat.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though the space was clearly separated, making it seem like only the savage sound was transmitted, it wasn\rquote t so. Lisbell was surely torn apart by that gunfire. Anxiety and unease surged in like a black wave through the cracks of her shattered mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
My misfortune has finally transferred to my fianc\'e9.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When did it start?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The misfortune that swallowed me was now preparing to engulf my fianc\'e9 as well.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A shiver ran through her entire body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Lisbell? Lisbelli\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unable to bear it, she hunched forward, clutching her head. Her fingertips brushed against the frustratingly soft material of a necktie. Lisbell yanked at it neurotically, like someone screaming silently.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her ponytail, leaving a mark, messily cascaded down. She looked at the necktie in her hand in despair.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Staring at the black necktie stretching horizontally across her eyes, Lisbell unconsciously grabbed her neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her cautious movements gradually turned pathological.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though nothing was hanging there, she scratched furiously at her white skin until red drops of blood appeared. She was picking at her skin so much that flesh clung to her nails, but the panic splitting her mind was so dominant that she didn\rquote t have time to feel the pain of her skin tearing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then realization hit her in an instant.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t just about the money.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even if that were resolved, everything couldn\rquote t be undone as if it never happened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He meant for me to come to him willingly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
By betraying the trust with my dear fianc\'e9 and going to him directly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell had already committed the act of betraying this relationship. She had done it. There was even an excuse. She did it to save her mother. She thought she had no choice at the time.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And that incident had very clearly turned into her weakness. The leash of this secret was in Ulrich\rquote s hands. That\rquote s why she kept feeling something was tied around her neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell? Are you alright?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Haha\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A hollow laugh slipped out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why? Are you in pain? Is it your head? Does your head hurt?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She no longer felt any warmth from her fianc\'e9\rquote s careful touch. No warmth at all; even if she were at the bottom of a cold ocean, it wouldn\rquote t be as chilling as this. The uncontrollable cold surged as if she had become a living ice block.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The trap that had taken her as its prey was silently laid at her feet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As intricate as a spider\rquote s web, as precise as a chessboard\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her foolish self had stepped into it willingly, unaware, step by step. She didn\rquote t even realize it when it was finally wrapped around her neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Going forward was checkmate, going backward was checkmate.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In chess, this was called a mate.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Yes, I\rquote m exactly in that state now\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In a disheveled state, Lisbell stared blankly into space. Even in this moment, Theodore\rquote s tender hand, with no fault to find, caressed her cheek as he called her name soothingly, \ldblquote Lisbell,\rdblquote  and brushed back her tousled hair.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Feeling his touch silently, Lisbell slowly turned her head.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m listening. Tell me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Will you break off the engagement?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The tender hand that had been stroking her sideburns as if prepared to accept anything froze. Lisbell, if she could, wanted to lean her cheek against that palm once more. But she couldn\rquote t anymore. She realized too painfully that she couldn\rquote t anymore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Now\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I asked you to break off our engagement.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s break up, Theo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Holding onto Theodore any longer wasn\rquote t love but obstinacy. As someone who loved him, she couldn\rquote t commit such an ugly selfish act. It was clear that the path ahead couldn\rquote t be a bed of roses, at least not for him, now that she had understood the underlying issues.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So this was the right thing to do.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It should have been like this from the beginning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Driven by the desire to keep at least one thing within reach, she had done something she shouldn\rquote t have. If she couldn\rquote t correct it now, at least Theodore should be freed from this shadow.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t want to imagine the moment when the swamp holding her down would swallow even his ankles. So the answer was clear.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What are you saying?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why, why does it have to end like this? Just a moment ago\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Holding her shoulders gently but firmly, Theodore, his face hardening, opened his eyes wide.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re doing this on purpose, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re saying this because you don\rquote t want to cause me any harm, aren\rquote t you? You don\rquote t mean it, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His attitude was unusually earnest, and perhaps he was right; it contained a strong denial. A denial driven by his desperate belief that they couldn\rquote t end like this, that she felt the same way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And it wasn\rquote t just words. His wavering eyes, the way he clasped his hands over hers on her lap, everything expressed his blind desire to confirm the solidity of their relationship.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Say it isn\rquote t true.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Say it was a slip of the tongue.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, it\rquote s alright. I told you just a moment ago. You don\rquote t have to feel guilty. It\rquote s all on me. It\rquote s my choice, my decision. So you shouldn\rquote t feel any burden\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
This was the second time.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Facing a situation where she had no choice but to make a foolish decision, knowing it was wrong.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t love you anymore.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s why, Theo.\rdblquote\line\line\line Theodore was frozen in place. The news must have been that shocking.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In contrast, Lisbell remained calm. For the first time, she realized how easy it was to lie. By simply stripping away her emotions and reciting plausible words that came to mind, it wasn\rquote t that difficult. Above all, she believed this was the best path for Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Now that she had realized this was the best course of action.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t love me\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His eyes, which had been turbulent, soon regained focus.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t lie.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not a lie.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No, it is a lie.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I know you. Have I only known you for a year? As much as you\rquote ve seen me, I\rquote ve seen you too, Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell turned her head to avoid his gaze. Then Theodore got off the sofa and knelt down in front of her, trying to look into her face. She wanted to avoid it, but knowing that avoiding it more would only increase his suspicion, Lisbell remained still as if she were a stone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore scrutinized her small face deeply and closely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Why?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why are you saying such things\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote They say there are no reasons when love begins.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I think it\rquote s the same when it ends.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Trying to appear as if she had made a difficult decision, Lisbell brushed her face once.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I was confused too, facing this right before the wedding, so I needed some quiet time to think. But seeing you come all the way here\'85 I now have an unshakable certainty. I don\rquote t feel any excitement when I see you anymore.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lies.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not a lie.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lies\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His resolute consciousness began to waver.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Believing that Lisbell had no reason to hide such things from him, the cruel excuse she presented seemed to validate all her actions.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sudden departure, the rude notification to delay the wedding via phone, and the awkward behavior when they finally met here\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I know this shouldn\rquote t have been avoided in this way. But the time we spent together was precious to me too. That\rquote s why I was scared and afraid of the moment when I would have to tell you this\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell drove the nail into his collapse.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore finally looked speechless. The grip on Lisbell\rquote s hand, which he held as if it were a lifeline, had weakened considerably. Lisbell quietly looked down at his hand, which had always felt reassuring. It seemed like she was trying to capture the warmth she would never feel again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Then what about your mother?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote There must be something wrong with her. I\rquote m sorry, Lisbell, but I can\rquote t help but think that your sudden change is because of her.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote My mother is perfectly fine. Theo, she\rquote s as healthy as ever, your worries were for nothing.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Then why did you come to Marnia?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You said you needed time to think? But why did it have to be here? Isn\rquote t it because your mother is here? And wasn\rquote t it because something happened to her? If nothing\rquote s wrong with her, then why, why did you pack up and come here all of a sudden? Why here\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His voice had grown slightly harsh. It was a sign that his denial was fading and a faint disappointment that the story might be true was beginning to settle in. Negative emotions always tend to spread quickly. The small bud of pessimism in Theodore would surely follow that trend.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No way\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Then did you come to see that man?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His misunderstanding was clear. Lisbell didn\rquote t respond. She knew it was time to nurture his misunderstanding, not correct it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Saying it wasn\rquote t true would only nullify all the effort she had put into uttering each painful word.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She couldn\rquote t say it twice. If she did, she would end up pathetically begging him not to leave her, confessing it was all a lie.\par
\par
 \par
\par
So she endured it. Misunderstanding her relationship with Ulrich in that way was excruciatingly painful, but if it was the way to save Theodore, she had to endure it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Say no, Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please, just say no\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The shock and fear that his fianc\'e9e might have another man just before their wedding finally broke Theodore down.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell couldn\rquote t bear to look at him resting his face on her knee. Even so, she could tell he was crying. She felt the hem of her skirt getting wet where his face touched it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The traces of tears gathering like puddles in this place, where it didn\rquote t rain, felt like tears he was shedding for her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The simple and kind-hearted Theodore Motier.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I wish you always happiness.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
This is sincere\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
Swallowing back the words she couldn\rquote t bring herself to say, Lisbell looked out the window. Her eyes, reflecting the slightly subdued sunlight, grew as dull as those of a living corpse.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t see Theodore off as he left.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She just sat silently in the drawing room for as long as it would take for him to leave the villa and go far away.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The shadows of the afternoon, now more sharply angled, cast a shape that seemed to cut at her feet. She stared blankly into space as if unable to escape from those shadows.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What is this feeling?\par
\par
 \par
\par
What is this strangely calm feeling?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though she wanted to hold onto him and believed she had no hope otherwise, had she been mentally preparing herself for the moment they would part?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Oh, is it resignation?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Yes, this feeling of a desolate heart with no will left must be resignation. It was a new emotion to her, and though fascinating, it wasn\rquote t welcoming.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, who had been as silent as a pillar for a long time, finally stood up quietly. Leaving the drawing room, she headed to her mother\rquote s bedroom to return to her routine.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her mother looked exactly the same as before she had left.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What would Theodore have done if he had seen her mother like this?\par
\par
 \par
\par
He would have hugged her tightly right away.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And he would have said something like this:\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve been suffering alone, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you tell me?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, don\rquote t try to bear it all alone.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m here with you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just imagining it made it seem like his voice was really there. It was because she had heard those words before. It was the comfort he had given her every time she was struggling, the comfort she trusted and followed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The more she reminisced about him, the more she felt she had made the right decision.\par
\par
 \par
\par
While sitting silently in the drawing room, Lisbell had envisioned the future with Theodore as if recalling an unfulfilled dream.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The imagination started from the point where she told him the truth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Theodore would probably have run around tirelessly to solve the financial problems, just as he had said. She might have helped him, and the problem could have been resolved more smoothly than expected.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The real problem would come afterward.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who found her amusing to play with, would use the farm contract as leverage to threaten Theodore\rquote s family. That would bring chaos far beyond the current financial issues. It was about the survival of the factory that his father had built.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After resolving that, Ulrich would directly pull the invisible leash he had placed around her neck. He would force her to confess that she had betrayed Theodore and was humiliated under Ulrich.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ironically, the scariest part of her imagination was here.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s fear lay there.\par
\par
 \par
\par
External pressures and threats could be overcome together. But if distrust was sown from within, breaking their trust and faith in each other, the end would be unpredictable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If that truth was exposed and Theodore abandoned her because of it, she wouldn\rquote t be able to bear it. That fear and horror drove her to let him go first. It was cowardly avoidance, but still, but still\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell imagined the end with him breaking multiple times. Repeating it until Theodore left the villa, she endured it in the same place.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If she hadn\rquote t done that, she would have chased after him, telling him not to cry and caressing his cheek.\line\line\line Lisbell sat down in the chair and opened a book.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She calmly resumed reading from where she left off. Her voice flowed smoothly through the first and second lines but faltered on the third. The quiet sound was swallowed by the stillness of the bedroom.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After a brief silence, Lisbell started reading again from that part. Yet again, she stumbled. Trying to pretend nothing was wrong, she resumed speaking but soon faltered again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Taking her eyes off the book, she looked at her mother\rquote s hand, neatly placed on the blanket. She closed the book, set it down, and stood up to grasp it. Even though she knew it was too frail for her to hold, she couldn\rquote t endure without doing so.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mother.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
No answer came back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She felt disappointed despite not expecting a response.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did I make the right decision?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It didn\rquote t matter if it wasn\rquote t her mother. She wanted to hear an answer from anyone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please, tell me I did.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
That I didn\rquote t make the wrong decision.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Tell me that this regret I\rquote m feeling now is misplaced.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Holding her mother\rquote s hand, she sank to the floor and lowered her head. The tears she had held back in front of Theodore now streamed down uncontrollably.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Regret always came too late, hitting her with an overwhelming force. Lisbell couldn\rquote t resist it and was buried in it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After crying until her knees on the floor were damp, dizziness washed over her. She leaned her dizzy head against the bed and then slowly stood up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t want to show such a miserable sight by her mother\rquote s side, not knowing when she might wake up. If her mother, encouraged by her hope, were to wake and see her daughter\rquote s face like this, it would break her heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Rationalizing that she needed to take a break from caregiving for the day, Lisbell tidied up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In that short time, her swollen eyelids stung every time she blinked. This made her think of Theodore. He must have cried just as much. No, probably even more. His eyes must have stung terribly\'85. Lisbell bit her lip at the thought that made her heart ache.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Today, she wanted to hide in a corner where no one could see her. She wanted to lie in bed, pull the blanket over her head, and sleep as if tomorrow would never come. With such gloomy thoughts, she left the bedroom.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She was heading down the hallway to her room when a slightly open bedroom door caught her attention. What drew her attention was not the now familiar interior design or the overwhelming furnishings.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
There was a drink table, as always. A sleek liquor bottle was on it. The type of liquor often changed, apparently according to Ulrich\rquote s taste, but what she saw now was the same one Ulrich had drunk a few days ago.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The reason Lisbell noticed it, despite her preoccupied mind, was simple. She remembered the strange exhilaration from that day, when just one glass made her feel as if her brain was relaxing and her body melting away. The taste was awful, but the effect was remarkable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What she needed now was not something else but that effect to escape this oppressive regret.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When the thought crossed her mind, her feet had already crossed the bedroom threshold.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote All duds, as expected.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich took off his leather gloves, disliking the strong smell of gunpowder, and made a dissatisfied face. Victor, who had been standing a bit further away, approached with an expected look and nodded.\par
\par
 \par
\par
While Victor tidied up the firearms, Ulrich turned his head and gazed into the distance, seemingly looking at a specific place at the villa entrance, although it was unclear exactly where.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor signaled the household staff, who had come out to wait, to tidy up and quickly followed Ulrich.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve sent out the invitations as per the list you provided last time. Once the trial operation is over, we plan to hold the opening ceremony. We\rquote ll prepare the reception party in three parts, similar to the opening of Hotel No. 1.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, do that.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve also drafted a speech, but it would be good for you to review it. After all, you\rquote ll be delivering it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s shoulders slightly rose and fell as he walked ahead. Though Victor could only see his back, he could vividly imagine the sigh on Ulrich\rquote s face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote So, the day has finally come to go to the capital.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Please endure it for just a few days.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just make sure neither Mother nor Gwen gets anywhere near me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
How can they not come, given it\rquote s a family-run business\'85.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The thought was obvious, but Victor kept it to himself, knowing Ulrich would loathe it. Getting Ulrich to the capital hotel for the opening ceremony was essential from his standpoint.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Having finished all the business matters, it was now time to address personal concerns. Victor put down the notebook he had been holding.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Just to be cautious\'85 have you been taking your medicine, sir?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Medicine?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Or administering it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, walking ahead, paused momentarily before realizing Victor\rquote s intent and let out a short laugh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Neither.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The assistant was referring to the measures to prevent a child from being conceived through his affairs with Lisbell. Ulrich thought Victor was exceptionally meticulous. It was indeed a fundamental part of the education for anyone stepping into this family business.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t finish inside anyway.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was quite uncomfortable having to listen to such personal matters, but thanks to past experience, Victor had developed the resilience not to flinch.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote One can never be too careful.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Indeed.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s an issue that can\rquote t be taken too lightly.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Absolutely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In high society, where bloodline succession was crucial, the issue of heirs was always a hot topic. It could be a result of tender love or a product of terrible infidelity. Such stories would fuel the scandals that would brighten up Laurent\rquote s social season more than spring flowers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
This issue\rquote s magnitude was even greater in larger, more prestigious families. The Altahart family, with their historically poor sense of propriety, had faced this problem numerous times.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Blood could be a powerful bond, a weapon, and a form of power in the face of a prestigious name.\par
\par
 \par
\par
According to the ancestors\rquote  rule that only those bearing the family blood could inherit the name and the business rights, a wrongly conceived child could potentially consume the entire family.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Therefore, Ulrich did not welcome the idea of children.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He didn\rquote t want to bear the risk of producing a child just for a night\rquote s pleasure. He didn\rquote t want to create a life from a brief moment of sweetness if it meant bearing that much risk and responsibility.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor had developed a tolerance for Ulrich\rquote s personal life because he had handled such matters many times. When Ulrich had a regular female companion, Victor would ensure she took contraceptives, and if she seemed particularly untrustworthy, he would recommend Ulrich to take them. They both agreed that a child shouldn\rquote t be conceived carelessly, and Ulrich never resisted taking the medication.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote By the way, is that kid still at the main house?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor nodded, understanding who Ulrich meant.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, he is.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote How\rquote s he doing?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Well\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even a polite response of \ldblquote well\rdblquote  didn\rquote t come easily. Ulrich, expecting this, let out a resigned chuckle.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Gwen Altahart, of course.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Taking in an illegitimate child and then getting involved with another one\'85 utterly irresponsible.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor had some bad news about Gwen. However, it was a sensitive issue that the family was strictly controlling, so even he had to be cautious. Ulrich would find out when he went to the capital anyway.\par
\par
 \par
\par
There was no need to bring forward something that would soon cause a headache. Victor decided to keep quiet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Well, luck might have prevented a child so far, but there\rquote s no guarantee for the future.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote From now on, mix the medicine into Lisbell\rquote s meals.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
I don\rquote t want a child.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That was the implication in his brief order.\line\line\line\ldblquote More importantly, the guest?\rdblquote  \par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich casually asked as he opened the door to the office they had arrived at. Victor followed behind and closed the door. He glanced towards the office window.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote He has left.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote And the send-off?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote As per your instructions, I had a driver ready to take him to the station, but he declined and left the villa alone. The driver said he looked like he was about to cry.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who was about to light a cigarette as he sat down, paused in thought and then quietly laughed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What is Lisbell doing?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I heard she is in the drawing room.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Still?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His smile deepened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote One side is propping up a pitiful pride, while the other is just sitting there without even seeing him off\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just by their attitudes, the situation was clear. Ulrich, humming contentedly, shuffled through the papers. Victor, watching him, quietly clicked his tongue. He recalled some of the absurd instructions he had silently followed as Ulrich\rquote s secretary.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Bribing the Marnia police to send letters about a non-existent incident, investigating an unrelated factory owner in another city, or suddenly driving off to Misley in the east and then returning\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
He now knew well that a woman was at the end of all those paths.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell Osborne.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The daughter of Mrs. Osborne, who once managed this villa, and now, essentially Ulrich\rquote s mistress. He didn\rquote t know when it started, but she had firmly caught Ulrich Altahart\rquote s interest.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No matter how many times he thought about it, it was pitiful. How did she catch this madman\rquote s attention? What strange thing had she done?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then his thoughts shifted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She might not have done anything peculiar. One must not overlook the fact that this boss was crazy. Madmen are unpredictable because they get hooked on strange points. If he had been capable of rational thought, he would have long been repulsed by the Altahart name and left it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich seemed to consider himself one of the more normal members of his family, but Victor saw it differently. Based on the obstinacy and persistence he showed in incidents, he was the most extreme among his family.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knowing when to give up was also a skill. But Ulrich couldn\rquote t accept that.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He was the type to keep going until he succeeded. He would use everything he had to achieve his goal, even if it meant breaking someone\rquote s spirit. And he felt no guilt about it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That was the essence and dark side of Altahart that no one could deny. Ulrich too, despite his noble name, hid a vile nature underneath.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Then I\rquote ll adjust the schedule to match the hotel opening date. Since you\rquote ll be in the capital, I\rquote ll arrange for you to handle all matters requiring your attention at once.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t report to the mansion yet.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite his hatred for other Altaharts, Victor silently bowed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After his secretary left, Ulrich worked for a while. After reviewing and clearing the piled-up documents, he found that night had fallen. He looked at the darkening sky, then stood up quietly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I heard she is in the drawing room.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Is she still there?\par
\par
 \par
\par
He headed towards the drawing room. The sound of his footsteps echoed in the wide, silent hallway. The night breeze, passing through the occasionally open windows, felt pleasant.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The driver said he looked like he was about to cry.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s smile deepened. He brushed his hair back in the soft breeze. He felt a thrill from the idea that Lisbell and he had shared a thought at that moment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He soon reached the drawing room and opened the door. It was quiet inside. After confirming no one was there, he was about to leave.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But something caught his eye.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich approached the sofa. A piece of black cloth stuck out. It was a necktie, thrown carelessly. He was the only one in this villa who owned something like that.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He quickly deduced its origin. It was likely the tie he had used to tie her hair when she went to meet her fianc\'e9.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If it\rquote s here\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ha.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
So, she wasn\rquote t just being prideful.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich picked up the tie, which seemed about to fall off the sofa. A gray hair was tangled at the end, as if it had been forcefully pulled out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He stared at the thin strand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He remembered the taste of her tears he had once licked. He wondered if it would taste the same here, but he didn\rquote t bring it to his lips. If he were to taste it, he\rquote d prefer it fresh from her rather than this discarded state.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After staring at the hair for a while, he let it float away lightly and left the drawing room with the tie in hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He quickly guessed where she might be. Even in such an infuriating situation, she wouldn\rquote t abandon her duty to stay by her mother\rquote s side. Her actions were always predictable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What amazed him was himself.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite hating boredom, he didn\rquote t find this predictable process tedious.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He didn\rquote t know if this change was good or bad, but it wasn\rquote t unpleasant. Ulrich hummed softly as he crossed the corridor.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sky had turned a clean, dark black.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Under the particularly dark night sky, Ulrich reached the bedroom he had visited earlier that morning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knock, knock.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knowing no one would answer, he opened the door immediately. It was quiet inside. But he couldn\rquote t conclude she wasn\rquote t there. Lisbell always sat like a wax doll, barely noticeable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
So he believed he would see her sitting quietly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\'85She\rquote s not here?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The room was empty.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Only the cold, dying figure on the bed was there. It was so unexpected that Ulrich looked around, still holding the doorknob.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But no matter how much he looked, he couldn\rquote t find her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Strangely, an unseen tension suddenly gripped his mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even realizing she wasn\rquote t there, he stepped into the bedroom. It was close to a malfunction, his assumption shattering.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich approached the bed, moving his tongue slowly. Mrs. Osborne slept like the dead, with the same face as yesterday and the day before.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, arms crossed, leaned and looked down at her static face.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then his gaze shifted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Wind blew in through a slightly open window. The dark air felt thick under the sky that would soon hold the Milky Way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich straightened up slowly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The wind, once refreshing, now felt stifling. This was because an unthinkable assumption had emerged.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Did she leave her mother behind?\par
\par
 \par
\par
With her overly kind nature?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Impossible.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even as he thought that, Ulrich quickly left the bedroom.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Given the driver\rquote s report of Theodore looking like he was about to cry, and Lisbell\rquote s refusal to see him off, it was clear. Today, Lisbell must have broken off the engagement. All signs pointed to it. It must have been a seismic shift in her life.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What if, in such a state, she momentarily lost her mind and decided to abandon her mother to escape?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even thinking it unlikely, Ulrich\rquote s steps quickened as he headed to her bedroom.\line\line\line Still walking gracefully, it was a posture that anyone who knew him well would notice the distinct difference in an instant. Ulrich arrived at Lisbell\rquote s bedroom without taking a single breath.\par
\par
 \par
\par
This time, he skipped knocking and abruptly flung the door open.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The interior was dim, barely recognizable. The curtains, which might have been drawn since the previous night or earlier, had not been pulled back, making the room feel eerily cold and silent.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s eyebrows twitched slightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In the desolate atmosphere, there was a faint smell of alcohol.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich quietly walked toward the bed. The first thing he saw was her disheveled hand. Then, he saw her back as she lay on her knees on the floor, leaning against the bed, asleep. Next to her feet lay a bottle of whiskey.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was the whiskey he recently enjoyed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Now he understood why she had been absent from the spot she usually occupied daily to take care of him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich nudged the empty bottle with the toe of his shoe and looked down. Her sleeping posture, sprawled out without moving, was quite a sight.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He lifted his head slightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though it was his first time in Lisbell\rquote s bedroom today, it unmistakably felt like her space despite being under his ownership. Slightly cluttered items and signs of use were noticeable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The live-in staff diligently cleaned and maintained the villa daily, including his bedroom. It was the same kind of work that Mrs. Osborne did before she collapsed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But Ulrich had instructed them not to touch this room. He didn\rquote t want anyone else\rquote s gaze or hands intruding on Lisbell\rquote s domain. More precisely, he wanted to be the only one to touch it. He wanted to enjoy her pure essence untouched by anyone else.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And this space was the very presence of the living Lisbell.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich didn\rquote t find the seemingly messy interior particularly unpleasant and bent his knees to sit.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Ah, it\rquote s wrinkled.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Holding it in his hand all the way here had crumpled his tie.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he looked at it, he firmly grabbed Lisbell\rquote s hair as she slept, lying face down. He didn\rquote t hold back, and as he pulled, she let out a small groan, \ldblquote Ugh\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Daring to loosen it without permission.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich stroked her fine hair that slipped through his fingers. He never thought a day would come when he\rquote d be so concerned with someone\rquote s hair. The thin strands seemed like they could tear at any moment, but surprisingly, they were tough. It reminded him of her persistence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Nonetheless, Lisbell\rquote s gray hair clung to his fingers without tearing, feeling like a very thin whip. The more he toyed with it, the stranger he felt. Touching it with one hand, he realized the sensation was enough to bring him to climax if he pulled out his cock from his pants with the other.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He hadn\rquote t planned on it, but once he became conscious of it, blood rushed to his lower body, swelling it tightly. Just as he wondered if he should go through with it, Lisbell turned her head, murmuring, \par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mmm\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her thin hair slid smoothly through his fingers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich stared at his empty hand momentarily before slowly loosening his tie. He slipped it over Lisbell\rquote s head and placed his arm under her bent knees.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When he lifted her onto the bed, she tilted her head back, her moist lips slightly parting. Ulrich brought his face close to hers. The strong scent of alcohol in her breath was evident. The whiskey bottle, nearly empty, provided proof of where it had all gone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Kneeling on one knee on the bed, Ulrich tightened the tie he had placed around her neck. As the space gradually closed, it soon fit snugly around her neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Cough.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The tie tightened like a cord around her neck, causing Lisbell to instinctively gasp for breath, curling her fingers. Ulrich watched her struggle indifferently before gradually releasing his grip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he pulled the tie knot in the opposite direction, a faint mark appeared on her neck. The vague discomfort he felt on his way here dissipated somewhat.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Switching his gaze between his still-swollen groin and Lisbell\rquote s pale face, Ulrich straightened up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He hesitated briefly, remembering that he didn\rquote t particularly enjoy the feeling of holding a drunken woman and having sex as if he were the only one indulging in lewdness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His hand, which had been brushing against the tie\rquote s wide end, was about to retreat into the air.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mm\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then, Lisbell trembled and opened her eyes, which had been closed all this time.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her pale purple eyes, slightly clouded with tears, searched the void meaninglessly before slowly focusing on the man occupying part of her vision. Ulrich reached out to close her eyes, which were clearly drunk.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Theo?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
But unexpectedly, his arm was grabbed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, with a voice that sounded like she had cried a lot, called out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Theo, is that you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her pronunciation was more slurred than usual. Ulrich easily allowed himself to be pulled closer by the hand gripping his arm.\par
\par
 \par
\par
To be precise, it was the first time Lisbell had held onto him like this, so he was slightly bewildered and let himself be pulled.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t go.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t go, Theo\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Clinging to his arm with desperate hope, Lisbell mumbled, rubbing her face against it. Witnessing this, Ulrich quickly concluded.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She\rquote s drunk.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Indeed, having drunk such a strong liquor on an empty stomach, it was impossible to avoid getting thoroughly drunk.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Nevertheless, seeing Lisbell, who usually stayed calm and barely smiled in front of him, clinging like this was quite novel. So, Ulrich remained still, allowing her to pull him further until he was practically lying on top of her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s eyes gleamed softly in the darkness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even her lips, which occasionally pressed against his, carried the remnants of the intoxication lingering in the room. As he remained motionless, Lisbell, seeming to take his stillness as a sign, lifted her head and pressed her lips more firmly against his.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mm\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The soft moan leaking between her slightly parted lips was different from what he usually heard from her, more sensual. He found it amusing and slightly smiled, causing Lisbell to think he had given her permission and to gently suck on his slightly parted lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich maintained his half-bent posture, supporting himself with one hand on the bed. His dark gray eyes, gleaming in the darkness, were unusually calm for a man engaged in a kiss.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Mistaking him for her fianc\'e9, whom she had tearfully sent away earlier, Lisbell kissed him, believing it was Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did you always kiss like this?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He criticized the lukewarm kiss, with her timidly sucking on the surface of his lips. Every time he thrust his tongue deep into her mouth, she trembled like a rabbit caught by the tail, and now he understood why. If this was how she kissed her fianc\'e9, it made sense.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Even a child would do better than this.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I wonder if you even had a proper first night.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His low voice murmured ambiguously, making Lisbell, thinking he was interrupting her kiss, let out a soft \ldblquote Mm\'85?\rdblquote  with a drawn-out moan.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich gently pressed her slender chin with his fingers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even in a room where it was difficult to find a single ray of light, the soft movement of her lips was visible and felt smooth. Whenever he approached her, it always felt like she reluctantly complied, but if this was how she kissed her fianc\'e9, it made sense.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich smirked but felt a strange chill in the back of his mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He released her chin and lowered his head again to kiss her. This time, Lisbell, though hesitant, gradually wrapped her arms around his neck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The seductive behavior, like the scent of strong flowers in spring, made Ulrich feel uncomfortable below.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite the overpowering scent of intoxication from her, there was something tantalizing about it. It was as if she knew how to stir a man\rquote s desires with her charm.\line\line\par
}
 