{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f0\fs22\lang9 Chapter 131\line\line\line\ldblquote Thank you for saying that. Oh no, my handkerchief\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
Trying to hide his emotions or perhaps out of embarrassment, he rubbed his lips awkwardly, only to notice the damp state of his handkerchief and let out a sigh.\par
\par
Lisbell responded with a gentle smile, signaling that it was alright.\par
\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t have to return the handkerchief. I\rquote ll take my leave now.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Wait, Bell.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Would it be possible for us to meet again later\'85 in the confessional?\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell blinked, startled.\par
\par
Could just a few words have been that much of a comfort? At the same time, it dawned on her that Sir Philip must be going through such a hard time with no one to rely on. She hesitated before speaking.\par
\par
\ldblquote Well, since I haven\rquote t taken my perpetual vows yet\'85 I\rquote m afraid I can\rquote t oversee a confession.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s fine. You don\rquote t need to offer prayers or blessings. Just listening is more than enough.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote If you don\rquote t want to, I understand.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\'85I\rquote ll ask the priest about it.\rdblquote\par
\par
Though she said this, it would likely be approved. Wasn\rquote t Sir Philip considered an esteemed guest of the monastery? Even if it wasn\rquote t for a formal confession, they\rquote d surely allow her to simply lend an ear.\par
\par
Perhaps sensing this as well, Sir Philip\rquote s expression brightened. Was this really okay? She felt a brief pang of concern, but seeing his face, her doubts quickly dissipated. Lisbell couldn\rquote t quite discern whether this willing heart was truly for Sir Philip\rquote s sake or if it was to comfort her own, scarred past.\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Could you hang this?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell!\rdblquote\par
\par
Startled, Lisbell snapped out of her thoughts and turned to her side.\par
\par
\ldblquote Huh?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote This, could you hang this up?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, right.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell took the laundry Delilah handed her, spread it out carefully, and hung it on the line. She smoothed out the fabric with her palm to avoid creases, gave it two quick shakes, and clipped it to the edge with a peg. The fabric fluttered in the wind that blew past.\par
\par
Her gaze drifted unconsciously down to the cliffs below, where the wind originated. It was almost a reflex. A quiet chuckle came from beside her.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell, you\rquote re quite the thinker, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Huh?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Always going to the chapel whenever you have time, or getting lost in thought like this. You seem to ponder a lot.\rdblquote\par
\par
Delilah said, humming a tune as she pulled another piece of laundry from the basket.\par
\par
Lisbell felt slightly awkward, wondering if that\rquote s how others saw her. She couldn\rquote t outright deny it\f1\emdash after all, she often caught herself, almost habitually, gazing at the scenic view beyond.\par
\par
Of course, there was a reason why she often found herself in such a state.\par
\par
\lquote\f0\'85Too.\f1\rquote\par
\par
Quiet.\par
\par
Calm and serene, to the point where even the flow of air could be felt at her fingertips\emdash peaceful, even.\par
\par
For Lisbell, however, this overwhelming tranquility carried with it an odd sense of unease.\par
\par
What kind of resolve had she embraced when she chose this place as her new haven? She had prepared herself for the oppressive presence of a man as tempestuous as a violent gale. What would she do if that happened? Would she have to leave? If so, where would she go next? Was there any place better than here? Her thoughts collided, fractured, and split apart, day by day.\par
\par
But contrary to her worries, ever since joining the monastery, her days had been unthinkably tranquil. Lisbell bit hard on the inside of her cheek. A sharp sting spread. Could this all be a dream? Her body, still haunted by memories of a hellish past, occasionally resorted to such self-destructive actions to confirm reality.\par
\par
She had longed for such a life, but now that she had it, she felt only anxiety. It was as though she alone was aware of an impending catastrophe, waiting in dread.\par
\par
\lquote\f0\'85Come to think of it, that day was strange, too.\f1\rquote\par
\par
The day when, despite reaching the storeroom of the tavern, he had suddenly ordered a retreat\emdash this recent memory began to nag at her.\par
\par
It wasn\rquote t a bad sign.\par
\par
The abrupt withdrawal then and the unbroken tranquility of her current life seemed to point to a hopeful possibility.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 Has he\'85 grown tired of me?\f1\rquote\par
\par
Could it be that the moment had finally come?\par
\par
Yes, Ulrich was bound to wake up eventually.\par
\par
She was someone he had no reason to oppress, bind, or obsess over. She had nothing to offer\emdash neither family, personal gain, nor any political or economic advantage.\par
\par
Perhaps, in the course of searching for her, he had come to this immutable realization. Facing the futility of his actions might have brought a storm of disillusionment upon him, and if so, yes, it was entirely possible he would give up.\par
\par
Yet, when confronted with the possibility that it might really be over, she found herself bewildered.\par
\par
Really?\par
\par
Was this truly how it ended between them?\par
\par
Was it true that the tiresome thread tying them together had finally frayed?\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85The weather\f1\rquote s nice,\rdblquote  Lisbell muttered suddenly.\par
\par
\ldblquote Hm?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I said, the weather\rquote s nice.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, yeah, it is. Then again, isn\rquote t it rare for the weather to be bad here?\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell, matching Delilah\rquote s cheerful laugh, reached into the basket and pulled out another piece of laundry. She was still mulling over the oddly liberating thought\emdash like a bad tooth finally pulled\emdash when Delilah struck up a conversation.\par
\par
\ldblquote Did you hear? The funds for the new cathedral they were planning to build in the capital have finally been raised. Apparently, Sir Philip made an enormous donation.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell responded nonchalantly, holding the now-empty basket, but Delilah nudged her lightly in the chest with her elbow.\par
\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote t he say anything to you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Say anything? About what?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ve built some rapport with Sir Philip, haven\rquote t you? I thought maybe you\rquote d mentioned something that inspired him.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 I\'85 I didn\f1\rquote t do anything. I just listened to him.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s homeland wasn\rquote t here, and as a newcomer to the monastery, she wasn\rquote t devout enough to claim deep faith. Though she occasionally lent an ear to Sir Philip\rquote s confessions, she insisted that her actions carried no hidden intent.\par
\par
\ldblquote If he cherishes you that much, maybe you should try asking him for a personal donation.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What? That\rquote s absurd. How could I take advantage of a man desperate over his daughter?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, come on, I was kidding!\rdblquote\par
\par
Delilah, startled by Lisbell\rquote s rare serious tone, quickly laughed and slung an arm over her shoulder.\par
\par
\ldblquote Still, this is something Darian should hear and praise you for. Even if you say you just listened, who knows? That might have meant the world to Sir Philip.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Maybe\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re heading to the confessional tonight, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
When Lisbell nodded, Delilah patted her on the shoulder, saying she worked hard.\par
\par
After finishing the laundry, Lisbell had a bit of personal time back in her quarters. As the sky shifted from crimson to gold and finally to a dusky gray, she reflected.\par
\par
Later, with her Bible tucked under her arm, she made her way to the chapel after dinner.\par
\par
As expected, her request to oversee the confessional had been approved. It was an exceptional decision\emdash normally, only priests or those of higher rank could occupy the confessional.\par
\par
This spoke volumes about Sir Philip\rquote s status within the monastery. It was evident they didn\rquote t want to offend him.\par
\par
As she\rquote d told Delilah, it wasn\rquote t a difficult task. Lisbell simply had to sit quietly and listen to the voice that came through the small confessional window. She wouldn\rquote t offer absolution or lead prayers\emdash her role was merely to be present.\par
\par
Through the translucent glass, she caught a glimpse of gray hair sticking out from beneath her veil. Since cutting her hair short, she sometimes struggled to keep it neatly tucked away.\par
\par
As she adjusted the stray strands, she felt a presence on the other side of the confessional.\par
\par
Lisbell lowered her hand from her veil and quietly opened the confessional window.\par
\par
The air that wafted in felt oddly cold\emdash despite the fact that spring had already arrived.\line\line\line\ldblquote Bell. Are you there?\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s fingertips curled involuntarily.\par
\par
The beginning was different from usual. From the sound of his voice, the person in the confessional was clearly Philip. When the confessional window was left open, he would not usually address her directly; instead, he would spill out long-winded complaints as if trying to release the burdens weighing on him.\par
\par
\ldblquote Are you there?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Yes, Philip.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She didn\rquote t know why he was confirming her presence, but since she didn\rquote t think it was an important matter, she answered willingly.\par
\par
Philip seemed to have relaxed upon hearing her response and returned to his usual demeanor before speaking.\par
\par
They had met like this about five times so far.\par
\par
Through these encounters, Lisbell had gathered some vague information about his daughter.\par
\par
Her name was Sawyer Vinchest, and she was only eight years old. Lisbell couldn\rquote t help but wonder how one could be so devoted at such a young age. She was at an age where the days ahead were far more numerous than the days already lived.\par
\par
Sawyer\rquote s illness was a rare disease that even doctors had never encountered. It was so rare that it required the advanced medical knowledge of more developed countries, and there was so little information about it that relying on religion seemed to be the only way to hope for divine intervention.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell. I have a request today.\rdblquote\par
\par
Philip suddenly said this, after previously opening up about his time spent with his daughter.\par
\par
Lisbell, who had been listening quietly, widened her eyes in surprise.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 A request? What kind of\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Would it be possible for you to pray for me, even if it\rquote s briefly?\rdblquote\par
\par
She briefly recalled Delilah\rquote s words, thinking that this moment might have been deeply moving for him.\par
\par
Lisbell hesitated but then opened the confessional window a little more.\par
\par
Given his recent donation to the cathedral\rquote s funds, it was clear that he was someone deserving of utmost courtesy. To upset him would result in undesirable consequences for the monastery, and that could, in turn, have a negative impact on Lisbell as well.\par
\par
It wasn\rquote t actually such a difficult request.\par
\par
If they weren\rquote t in the confessional, it would be something Lisbell could do freely. She had often seen Sonya or Delilah earnestly fulfilling requests to pray for others who came seeking guidance.\par
\par
\ldblquote I understand,\rdblquote  she said briefly, and just as she spoke, a hand slid over the open confessional window.\par
\par
Lisbell gazed at the hand, squinting. Was he asking her to hold it? She wasn\rquote t sure if it was necessary, but she thought that if it could bring comfort to someone in distress, there was no reason not to do it. So, she reached out her own hand.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Immediately, a powerful grip enveloped the back of her hand.\par
\par
It wasn\rquote t a cautious or careful grip; it was a near-snatch, almost like a sudden pull. It felt like being swept away by a strong wave, and for a moment, she couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
\par
Now that she focused, something felt off.\par
\par
She had never truly seen Philip\rquote s hand properly, but the one holding hers was far too pale and delicate for his. Compared to his thin body, the fingers were firm, the joints thick, and the shape was strikingly graceful, almost sculptural. If she were to describe it, she would say it was so exquisitely formed that it seemed out of place on Philip\rquote s body.\par
\par
Lisbell couldn\rquote t help but think of a stranger as she looked at the hand.\par
\par
A chill ran down her spine, and she shuddered.\par
\par
As soon as their hands touched, his grip tightened like a vice. The rigid fingers dug into her, almost as if to forcefully separate her own. The joints of her hand seemed to scream silently as they were forced apart against her will.\par
\par
Being physically caught only made the discomfort sharper. There was an unfamiliar feeling rising inside her, one she couldn\rquote t shake.\par
\par
\f0 This hand\'85 where had she felt it before?\f1\par
\par
Her thoughts cleared, and a tingle spread down her neck. This sculpted hand had most likely been on her body before. Pressing against her neck, gripping tightly around her delicate throat, tightening the air passages cruelly.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Wait\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell tried to pull her hand free from his tangled grip, but no matter how much she struggled or shook, she couldn\rquote t escape.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Let\'85 let go\'85 please, let go!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The frantic movements of her body grew more intense as she suddenly stood, causing the chair to topple backward with a loud crash that echoed in the small space.\par
\par
A wave of unstable vibration spread from deep within her chest. The terror of a deadly poison spread throughout her, consuming her sense of self. It felt as though she were about to die from touching some kind of disease. Lisbell swung her arm wildly in a frenzy, but the strength of the grip made it impossible to break free. Her arm felt like it might be pulled out of its socket instead.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ugh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
It all happened in an instant.\par
\par
The hand that had seemed intent on dragging her into a hellish abyss released her without hesitation. The sudden change in force made Lisbell stumble backward, landing hard on the ground. Her tailbone ached sharply from the impact, but there was no time to focus on the pain.\par
\par
The door opened. The door to the confessional remained tightly closed, but the person on the other side had stepped out.\par
\par
The sound of footsteps grew louder, and Lisbell, pale and trembling, slowly pressed herself into the corner, as if she wanted to escape even from the small space. When she realized there was no longer anywhere to run, she scratched the wooden floor so hard that her nails nearly tore.\par
\par
Knock. Knock.\par
\par
The sound of the knock echoed through the small space.\par
\par
Lisbell, feeling as though she would hyperventilate at any moment, clutched her chest. It seemed like she shouldn\rquote t even make a sound, not even a breath the size of an ant\rquote s nail. She consciously suppressed her breathing, hoping that no one would notice she was here.\par
\par
But, as always, the situation did not go as she wished.\par
\par
As if the knock had sufficiently signaled the intrusion, the door opened without hesitation. Her trembling eyes couldn\rquote t contain their fear and fell toward the floor, where shadows, like muddy water, pooled at her feet.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell?\rdblquote\par
\par
The voice that came next drained the strength from her body.\par
\par
The sudden relief that rushed toward her felt like a sharp jolt as Philip\rquote s face appeared. The hand that had been clutching his chest so tightly that the wrinkles on his clothes were crinkling slowly dropped.\par
\par
Lisbell, sitting there as if she had lost all strength, snapped back to reality at the sight of Philip\rquote s face, which was full of concern for her.\par
\par
Unfortunately, the shallow doubt that had already crept in couldn\rquote t be dismissed so easily.\par
\par
She hastily ran out of the confessional and threw open the door to the small room where Philip had been just moments ago. The space looked the same, as though everything had been reversed, but there was no one there.\par
\par
It was empty.\par
\par
Only then did a deep sense of relief settle deep within her. Yet, the aftermath of the malicious emotions seemed to root deep inside, and an anxious, racing heartbeat continued without stopping.\par
\par
A sudden dizziness struck. With fear dissipating, panic filled the void, and it repeatedly nudged at her consciousness.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Sir, I\'85 I\f1\rquote m sorry, but I\rquote\f0 m not feeling well today\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She couldn\rquote t even finish her sentence properly. However, just seeing her pale complexion, Philip could already tell that she was in no condition to continue, and he nodded with a look of concern.\par
\par
She had no idea how she managed to return to her quarters.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 Ah, the Bible\'85\f1\rquote\par
\par
It wasn\rquote t until she had arrived at her quarters that she realized she had dropped the scripture she had taken with her, like a lost item. There had been no time or mental space to focus on it. If she had, she would have dared to ask Philip, despite the impropriety, if he could just show her his hand once.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 Was my mind\'85 too far gone?\f1\rquote\par
\par
Lisbell slumped onto the bed, unable to calm herself, muttering quietly.\par
\par
The one who had been beside her was indeed Philip, and there was no one in the space he had just left.\par
\par
If it were simply a misunderstanding, then it could be easily concluded. But that wasn\rquote t so simple.\par
\par
If it was indeed a misunderstanding, how far did that misunderstanding stretch?\par
\par
What about the hand that had been wrongfully seen?\par
\par
That overwhelming strength that had pulled her in\emdash was that part of the confusion and misunderstanding as well?\par
\par
But that sensation had clearly existed.\par
\par
The cold, invasive touch that dug into her joints and the feeling of being bound, as though she had been struck by a whip and left immobilized. The strength that had pulled her, pushing the eerie feeling of d\f0\'e9j\'e0 vu to the forefront, was something she couldn\rquote t mistake. Her instincts screamed that it was unmistakable.\par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Ha.\rdblquote\par
\par
A dry, hollow laugh escaped her lips, wilting in the air like a dead flower.\par
\par
What was this?\par
\par
Was she losing her mind?\par
\par
Could Ulrich have already found her and infiltrated this place? She denied it, though, as she had confirmed his absence with her own eyes. But the anxiety and unease she couldn\rquote t shake were driving her into a state of near madness.\par
\par
Or perhaps, it was nothing.\par
\par
But if it was, what would she do?\par
\par
What if he had already found her and was planning something sinister?\line\line\line Should I run away from here right now?\par
\par
 \par
\par
But where to?\par
\par
 \par
\par
And until when?\par
\par
 \par
\par
It hadn\rquote t even been half a day since she was happy thinking that his fickleness might have caused him to lose interest in her. The fact that her mood could turn as wretched as flipping a palm because of that man\rquote s presence was undeniably unpleasant and unsettling. It felt like evidence that she could never escape from him in the future\'85\par
\par
 \par
\par
\lquote\'85again.\rquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She couldn\rquote t breathe.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, like someone who curses in silence, opened her mouth and rubbed her nape vigorously. The feeling of the shackles that had been fastened here at that time surged up, piercing through her current consciousness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She tried to keep her nails down somehow, but by the time she came to her senses, she had already scratched herself enough to break the skin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound of scratching reached Lisbell\rquote s ears, but it felt quite distant. The delicate skin, unblemished by anything, was exposed to the nails, leaving long, stinging scratches.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her body, which had slumped forward as if being dragged, fell over. She buried her forehead into the sheet and rubbed it back and forth, scratching her neck frantically. She knew her flesh was torn and the red blood was pooling inside her round nails, but her senses seemed to be malfunctioning and wouldn\rquote t respond.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At least for now, the fear left by the sinister touch was pulsing more vividly than her stern command to pull herself together.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh\'85 mm.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
For a moment, it felt like she had caught a chill, and her whole body became cold. The outside weather, which Lisbell thought had become warmer and that spring had finally arrived, felt unbelievably cold, penetrating deep into my bones.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Later on, it scratched her arms and legs as if it were contagious. The filthy sensations of the past, when the man\rquote s large and beautiful hands would grip her wrists or press down painfully to spread my calves or thighs, were all awakening. Her throat felt constricted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why isn\rquote t it coming off even though I\rquote m scratching it?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Why does it still feel like it\rquote s clinging to my body\'85?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The clothing that wrapped around her arms and legs became a mess. Even the veil that barely covered her hair slipped down gradually, coming undone with her spasmodic movements.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In an instant, Lisbell, who had become a ragged mess, suddenly stopped all her actions, gasping for breath as if she had been stabbed in the lungs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After a while, the exhausted sheep collapsed in front of Lisbell.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Throbbing filled her senses.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It felt like an invisible blunt object was striking the back of her head, causing a sharp pain. She raised her hand with eyes drained of all strength. Lisbellt was the same side that had been caught in the confessional a moment ago. It felt as if an invisible bug was wriggling and crawling on it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When Lisbell regained her composure for just a moment and saw that even her other hand was scratching with the opposite hand, a laugh that sounded almost deranged escaped her lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She let her arm drop, which had been held up to my eyes. The bloodstains smeared at the tips of her fingers drew a messy doodle on the white sheet. Even knowing the sheet would get dirty, one part of her mind was hazy. The faint smell of blood tormented her nostrils.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Slowly turning onto her side, Lisbell curled up her body. She kept gathering herself until her chest and knees almost touched.\par
\par
 \par
\par
With bloodshot eyes, Lisbell stared to the side and then tightly closed them.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thud, thud, thud.\par
\par
 \par
\par
This was truly a fear without substance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A fight that made her wonder if it will ever truly end.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was as if she had already become a pitiful defeated soldier, helplessly being swept away, submerged, and devoured.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She closed her eyes not realizing when she fell asleep.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It might have been that she had become so worn out, that she finally fainted. When Lisbell opened her eyes again, she heard the chirping of sparrows outside the window, which was open just a crack.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without even thinking of brushing aside the messy hair, Lisbell hesitantly sat up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Only then did she see the clothes that had been torn off like peeling skin and her limbs that had been mutilated with ugly wounds. She couldn\rquote t check immediately because there was no mirror, but her neck would probably be the same. It might even be worse. It was obvious that her anxiety would only deepen, so she didn\rquote t bother to check.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Next, what caught Lisbell\rquote s eye was the blanket she had spread out and slept on all night.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Pieces of flesh had clumped inside her nails, and the droplets of blood that had splattered down left faint traces everywhere. It wasn\rquote t a gushing amount, but the white color of the blanket made it stand out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She had to lift her aching body, which felt like it had been chewed up and spat out by a beast. A groan escaped her lips involuntarily.\par
\par
 \par
\par
First, she headed to the communal bathroom and washed her body clean with hot water. The wounds left from last night\rquote s struggle stung in various places, but she only occasionally frowned, not letting out a single groan.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She woke up quite early in the morning, and no one came in and out of the bathroom while she was washing up. Nevertheless, not wanting to run into anyone, she hurried back to her room without properly drying her wet body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she rubbed her hair, which had become even fluffier with moisture, with a towel, Lisbell discovered the blanket with bloodstains still visible.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85sigh.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The traces that fully prove yesterday\rquote s chaos poked at a corner of her heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The laundry from the accommodation was all collected by the person in charge of laundry around 10 AM, neatly washed, and then hung out to dry on the hillside behind the corridor and the cliff around noon when the sunlight was best.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As always, but today Lisbell couldn\rquote t leave it to anyone else because of the bloodstains. If today\rquote s person on duty found the stains while folding the blankets, they might ask if something happened last night or if she got hurt somewhere. This place was sometimes a problem because it overflowed with too much love and recognition.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since she woke up early, there was still time before the official workday began. Lisbell rolled up her blanket and left the small room.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though spring had arrived, the morning air still felt a bit chilly. Lisbell tightly closed her mouth and headed to the laundry area, putting the blanket into a large tub. She pressed the wet blanket down with her bare feet. For the areas where there were still traces of blood, she scrubbed them with her hands to completely remove the stains.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was time to wash the blankets with such dedication and sincerity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Bell? Is that you, Bell? What are you doing over there?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound of splashing water stopped.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She lifted her head slightly and saw Sonya standing there. She wasn\rquote t dressed in her usual attire for the monastery. Judging by the direction she was coming from, it seemed she had gone out after seeking permission from the higher-ups and had just returned at this hour.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I was washing the blanket.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote The blanket? This morning?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes. I spilled some tea.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Sonya squinted one eye as if to say, \ldblquote Why did you make such a bothersome mistake?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Sonya, what about you? Are you on your way back from going out?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes. I originally had some plans later, but I got a sudden request, so I came back a bit early.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Request?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It seems like an urgent message from the Vinchest family.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s hands, which had been doing the laundry, suddenly stopped.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\'85Vinchest? Are you talking about Lord Philip\rquote s family?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If it\rquote s urgent news coming from their side\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Sonya, too, seemed to have an inkling and let out a deep sigh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It must be about his daughter.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As expected.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Sonya checked the tower clock in the courtyard and waved her arms around.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I really want to help you, but it\rquote s more urgent to deliver this to the priest. I\rquote ll go ahead, Bell. See you later!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell looked at Sonya\rquote s retreating figure and then glanced down at the tub filled with blankets. The water, which had consumed half of her hand, rippled.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Was his daughter\rquote s condition getting worse again?\par
\par
 \par
\par
When?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Around last night?\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she saw him in the confessional, there was no sign of anything unusual about Lord Philip. But wasn\rquote t illness like a sudden event that can overturn a peaceful situation at any time? If the situation changed so abruptly, it made sense that the urgent message to the monastery arrived so quickly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was around the afternoon when she was able to get a bit more accurate information about it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Suddenly, everyone was called to the special room. Those gathered seemed to know the reason for the day\rquote s tense atmosphere and were busy gossiping.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why the sudden call?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It must be because of Lord Philip\rquote s matter.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did you say an urgent report arrived this morning?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Has his daughter\rquote s condition worsened significantly?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote That may be so, but why call us? We\rquote re just apprentice priests.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Could it be that the funeral has already been held\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Shh! Watch your mouth. What if someone important hears you?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Yes. Just keep those thoughts to yourself.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not such a grand issue, but\'85 these days, it\rquote s obvious that the higher-ups are paying special attention to Philip.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is it because of that? The Temple Fund of the Monastery.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Or what? If we happen to offend Lord Philip and he asks for the donation to be returned, it would be troublesome in many ways, wouldn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The whispers and gossip, each with their own story, never ceased. But soon, the closed door opened, and Darian and the priest appeared.\line\line\line\ldblquote Is everyone here?\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian, standing before the gathered people, spoke in a grave voice.\par
\par
Lisbell hadn\rquote t particularly felt it during their first meeting or while overseeing her mother\rquote s funeral, but Darian possessed the inherent dignity of someone in charge. Even now, it was unmistakable. As if to prove it, everyone fell silent, closing their mouths and turning their attention to Darian.\par
\par
Darian made eye contact with each of them one by one, then briefly glanced at the priest behind her before getting to the point.\par
\par
\ldblquote I apologize for calling you all together while you\rquote re each fulfilling your duties. This morning, we received urgent news from the Vinchest family. Those of you who are already aware, know that Lord Philip, a cherished brother of our monastery, has a daughter who has been suffering from a chronic illness since childhood. Although she has somehow managed to survive until now, it seems she had a severe seizure last night.\rdblquote\par
\par
The atmosphere in the room grew cold as if a mouse had died. Even though some had vaguely anticipated the bad news, hearing it confirmed from an official source felt quite different. Lisbell fell silent, quietly clasping her hands.\par
\par
Seeing the somber atmosphere, Darian nodded slowly, as if trying to offer some comfort.\par
\par
\ldblquote Although the doctor was urgently called, the prognosis is not good. Lord Philip has requested that we send a few of our priests and nuns to his estate to be by his daughter\rquote s side. He wishes for them to pray earnestly for her.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Darian, I have a question.\rdblquote\par
\par
Someone from the back row raised their hand.\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Exactly what should those chosen to go to Lord Philip\rquote s estate be doing?\rdblquote\par
\par
It seemed that others had the same question, as they all waited silently, watching Darian. After a moment, she moved her lips slightly and elaborated.\par
\par
\ldblquote According to the doctor\rquote s additional opinion, the next few nights will be critical. If she can survive this, she may recover for a while, but it will be a difficult time. Lord Philip hopes that the monastery\rquote s esteemed members will visit his estate and pray with all their hearts for the Miss.\rdblquote\par
\par
It sounded simple, but it wasn\rquote t quite so.\par
\par
What if one of those chose to stay the night, only to have the girl succumb to her illness, her breath finally stopping?\par
\par
Lord Philip wasn\rquote t just a devout believer; he also played a pivotal role in the country\rquote s major social projects, acting as a financial pillar for the construction of the temple. His daughter\rquote s death would certainly cause a great deal of uncomfortable repercussions. That tension seemed to hang in the air, and Darian also seemed to have anticipated that no one would volunteer willingly.\par
\par
She clarified that the decision on who would go would be made by the higher-ups, and quickly moved on to wrap up the meeting.\par
\par
Then Darian suddenly spoke.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell. I\rquote d like you to stay behind for a moment.\rdblquote\par
\par
Unexpectedly called out, Lisbell nodded toward those leaving the guest room and stayed behind.\par
\par
Once the door was closed, Darian approached her.\par
\par
\ldblquote How have you been adjusting to life here?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s still difficult in many ways, but\'85 I\rquote m trying my best to adapt.\rdblquote\par
\par
It seemed like the right answer, as Darian gave her a gentle smile.\par
\par
\ldblquote For someone saying that, it seems you\rquote ve been doing quite well.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Lord Philip specifically requested for you to come to his estate.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her response didn\rquote t provoke laughter. Instead, Darian was expressing satisfaction that Lisbell had performed her duties as a nun admirably. She had been worried when Lisbell was admitted into the order on her recommendation, but now, seeing how well she was doing, Darian appeared somewhat proud.\par
\par
Lisbell, on the other hand, felt confused.\par
\par
Not only had they met in the confessional, but now this? Was she truly a source of great comfort to him?\par
\par
She couldn\rquote t completely disregard what had happened the night before either.\par
\par
The hand that grabbed her. The force pulling her. The dizziness as her nape was caressed. Even just briefly recalling it sent a sense of unease that had yet to be fully processed, clutching at her heart once more.\par
\par
\ldblquote Is\'85 is it really a place where I am needed?\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell struggled to speak.\par
\par
\ldblquote I think it might be better for someone with more experience to go, for Lord Philip\rquote s sake.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Even if Lord Philip specifically wants you to go?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m grateful for his reliance, but\'85 I\rquote m also afraid I won\rquote t be able to repay him properly.\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian seemed to be lost in thought for a moment, but then, as if she understood Lisbell\rquote s feelings, she nodded.\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right. Even though you\rquote ve been chosen, we can\rquote t disregard your own wishes.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain the situation to them, so don\rquote t worry too much.\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian whispered with a gentle tone and a warm smile, indicating that Lisbell could leave.\par
\par
As Lisbell stepped out into the hallway and began thinking about her next task, she suddenly recalled the Bible she had left behind in the confessional yesterday. Since she had some free time, she decided to go retrieve it.\par
\par
However, she couldn\rquote t shake off the lingering unease in her heart.\par
\par
Despite being specifically chosen and relied upon, was it really the right thing to go and comfort someone whose daughter might die tomorrow?\par
\par
One\'85 the panic from yesterday wasn\rquote t something she could easily move past.\par
\par
The fragmented memories still left her in a haze. The fear was so strong that it prevented her from even wanting to revisit it. The protective instinct of a father toward his ailing daughter was touching and pitiable, but Lisbell didn\rquote t have the mental capacity to focus on that alone.\par
\par
Yes, it was the right thing to do.\par
\par
Who was I to worry about anyone else, or think about comforting them in my situation?\par
\par
Finally, after sorting through her wavering thoughts, she arrived at the confessional. Upon confirming that no one was inside, Lisbell cautiously opened the wooden door.\par
\par
As she remembered, her struggles had caused the chair to topple, and the Bible placed on the stand had flown to the corner of the floor.\par
\par
She expected it to be left in that state, but to her surprise, the Bible was neatly placed back on the stand as if nothing had happened. A small piece of paper was resting on top of it. Lisbell entered the small space and picked it up.\par
\par
\ldblquote I apologize if I startled you.\rdblquote\par
\par
Written briefly, with \ldblquote P.Vin\rdblquote  marked at the edges. From the notation, it was clear who had left it.\par
\par
Philip Vinchest.\par
\par
Lisbell stood frozen, clutching the small piece of paper.\par
\par
It was like a stone she had consciously ignored, now swelling into a massive snowball, settling heavily in her stomach.\par
\par
It was impossible to overlook his genuine compassion, which she had tried to dismiss for simply feeling uneasy. The feeling that reminded her of her own past, when no one cared about her, tugged at her heart.\par
\par
With the paper tightly gripped in her hand, Lisbell turned and hurriedly ran back to the guest room, where she had just spoken with Darian.\par
\par
The question that had been haunting her was clear.\par
\par
Could she live with not regretting her decision?\par
\par
If, in the days she had ignored it, Philip Vintchest\rquote s daughter, Soyer, were to die\f1\emdash if she failed to provide even spiritual support, if Lord Philip were to be hurt by her neglect, could she bear that without regret?\par
\par
No, she would never forget it.\par
\par
Just like she could never let go of her mother before she was buried in this monastery.\par
\par
Turning away from someone who needed help and causing them pain would ultimately return that pain to herself. From the moment they met, it felt like she was facing a reflection of herself, and that connection made it impossible for her to turn away.\par
\par
Some might think it was outdated, or perhaps a naive, angelic thought. But this was who she was.\par
\par
Raised in the warmth of her mother\rquote s nurturing arms, she learned that generosity and care were virtues of an intellectual being. She had grown up understanding that this was natural and right. She wanted to live by this ethical belief and never forget it.\par
\par
\ldblquote Darian.\rdblquote\par
\par
Breathing heavily, she quickly knocked and entered. Darian was still there, handling some paperwork. Surprised by her sudden entrance, Darian\rquote s eyes widened.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry for changing my mind so suddenly.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Would it be all right if I went to Lord Philip\rquote s estate?\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian, looking slightly surprised, soon smiled gently.\par
\par
\ldblquote All right. It won\rquote t be an easy task, but I trust you will handle it well.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her words, spoken with solid trust, settled warmly in Lisbell\rquote s heart.\par
\par
Lisbell didn\rquote t want to betray that trust.\line\line\line The car carrying three people came to a gentle stop.\par
\par
As one of the doors opened, the air brushed against their faces, slightly different from the one they had experienced at the monastery.\par
\par
The monastery beneath the jagged cliffs, reminiscent of a delicate landscape painting, had a fresher and more vibrant scent. On the other hand, this place carried the scent of daily life, the kind of smell that could easily be named as \ldblquote the smell of people.\rdblquote\par
\par
It was both welcoming and, deep down, unsettling.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve come.\rdblquote\par
\par
As soon as they got out of the car, a voice, wet with emotion, greeted them. Lord Philip had come to the garden to welcome the guests.\par
\par
It had only been two days since their last meeting, but his face looked much more worn. Without even asking, it was easy to guess that he had stayed up all night by his daughter\rquote s side, who had suffered a sudden seizure.\par
\par
Lord Philip extended his hand to each of the people who got out of the car: the priest Meteo, the nun Miriam who had been dispatched with Lisbell, and finally, Lisbell herself.\par
\par
Before Lisbell could take the hand that was extended to her, she flinched. Fortunately, it wasn\rquote t obvious, and Lord Philip shook her hand warmly, gripping it tightly before letting go.\par
\par
Lisbell lingered her gaze on the back of his hand as he pulled away.\par
\par
It felt different, indeed.\par
\par
Visually, and tactically.\par
\par
It was not the same hand she had touched at the confessional. Lord Philip\rquote s hand was much drier, rough with areas that seemed to have been worn down by hardship.\par
\par
It was a relief that it wasn\rquote t the hand that had grasped her Achilles tendon so vividly, but she couldn\rquote t let her guard down.\par
\par
So, what had she actually felt back then?\par
\par
Was it just a mistake?\par
\par
Was it because of her bad condition at the time?\par
\par
Or was it the disoriented aftermath of a sense of relief?\par
\par
She didn\rquote t have time to dwell on these thoughts. Lord Philip, seemingly moved by the visit from the monastery, dismissed the servants and took it upon himself to guide them. There was nothing strange about his courteous demeanor; after all, he had sent a carriage for the dispatched people to ensure they arrived comfortably and quickly.\par
\par
As Lisbell walked at the end of the line, she looked around the corridor inside the mansion. Miriam, who had been ahead of her, was looking around with audible admiration. But Lisbell didn\rquote t share that sense of awe. It was a very magnificent and elegant place, but having already seen the Altahart Mansion, she couldn\rquote t help but notice the differences.\par
\par
\ldblquote I am very grateful that you came,\rdblquote  Lord Philip said. \ldblquote Before you go to the guest room, would you mind meeting Sawyer first?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, of course.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lord Philip and the priest exchanged a brief conversation, and they were soon headed to his daughter\rquote s room. When they arrived, Lisbell couldn\rquote t help but swallow in nervousness.\par
\par
The bedroom felt almost empty, or rather, devoid of any sign of use. To be precise, there were no traces of it being lived in. The geometric patterned table with silver foil, the winged chair with a soft pink cushion, and the other furniture were neatly arranged as if they had never been used.\par
\par
But there was one area that was clearly in disarray\emdash the bed, which occupied most of the room.\par
\par
Sawyer Vinchest was lying there.\par
\par
Seeing the child in person for the first time, Lisbell only felt one thing: pity.\par
\par
The child, who was supposed to be eight years old, was much smaller than expected. Though dressed in fine pajamas, her limbs were so thin that it was obvious she was frail. Her small face, on the other hand, was swollen, probably from crying all night due to pain.\par
\par
The sound of Sawyer\rquote s labored breathing echoed around the bed. Lord Philip approached the child\rquote s head and spoke softly.\par
\par
\ldblquote Please forgive us, Sawyer has just fallen asleep and couldn\rquote t greet you.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s alright. I heard her seizures were severe. Has she calmed down now?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote She suffers from intermittent symptoms whenever she\rquote s conscious, so we gave her a sedative, and she\rquote s now asleep.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lord Philip then expressed his hope that the priest and nun would take turns guarding his daughter\rquote s room. Since the main purpose of coming to the mansion was to watch over Sawyer\rquote s condition and pray for her, the situation was quickly settled.\par
\par
Before evening, it was decided that the priest would remain in charge, and Lisbell and Miriam naturally withdrew. Lord Philip seemed to have something else to say, so he instructed a servant to guide them. A maid who had been standing off to the side approached them and told them to follow.\par
\par
It was as they were heading to the guest room on the second floor that a slight opening of a door caught Lisbell\rquote s attention.\par
\par
Perhaps because it faced the west, the room gave off the feeling of early dawn, with a soft, almost ethereal atmosphere. While sunlight flooded the garden and courtyard outside, this particular room seemed unusually pale in comparison. Inside, Lisbell noticed an object that blended perfectly with the background.\par
\par
A chessboard.\par
\par
It looked as though someone had been in the middle of a game and had to leave abruptly, as the pieces, black and white, filled the squares.\par
\par
She only caught a glimpse of it as she passed by and didn\rquote t linger any further.\par
\par
The guest room Lord Philip had prepared for them wasn\rquote t very bright, but it was undoubtedly luxurious. Moreover, it seemed that he wanted to give each person their own private space, as Miriam had a room of her own across the hall.\par
\par
As Lisbell sat down to catch her breath, she heard a knock. It was Miriam, the same person she had just parted from.\par
\par
\ldblquote This room is so fancy, I can\rquote t stand it. Bell, can I stay here with you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Sure. Come in.\rdblquote\par
\par
Miriam had told her that she came from a rural mountain village. After spending time in the monastery\rquote s modest lodging, with an old bed pushed against the wall and a worn wooden table, stepping into such a spacious room\emdash large enough to accommodate at least fifty people\emdash was undoubtedly overwhelming for her.\par
\par
If it had been herself two years ago, Lisbell would have felt the same.\par
\par
But now, after having tasted so many different aspects of wealth, Lisbell had become accustomed to the variety of the world. From the almost paradisiacal Marniya to the power-laden capital city, and the vibrant and colorful Lorant, there was no longer much that could unsettle her.\par
\par
In spaces occupied by Ulrich, where his traces remained, there was a sharp and oppressive sense of power that almost felt like it was rotting away. Having experienced him firsthand, Lisbell didn\rquote t find herself overly awed by visiting Lord Philip\rquote s mansion for the first time.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve never been in a place like this before. Our monastery\rquote s chapel was fancy, but this is something else.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Well, it is a noble\rquote s mansion.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell, you\rquote ve been really calm since earlier. Have you been to a place like this before?\rdblquote\par
\par
Just as Lisbell had observed Miriam, Miriam seemed to be scrutinizing her as well. Caught off guard by the question, Lisbell paused for a moment and then faintly smiled.\par
\par
\ldblquote No, I haven\rquote\f0 t\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s my first time too.\rdblquote\par
\par
She had experienced such things, but they were memories she wanted to forget.\par
\par
Everything related to that man was so chaotic and painful that she wanted to sever it all, to cut it off completely. If she could, she would erase it from her consciousness entirely. The anxiety she had felt a few days ago only made those memories more unbearable.\par
\par
The fact that such horrible memories had been etched into her mind, restricting her like a chain around her neck, made her tongue stiff with frustration.\par
\par
Lisbell swallowed once more and sat down in the wing chair. Miriam approached and quietly sat next to her, whispering.\par
\par
\ldblquote By the way, did you see earlier? Lord Philip\rquote s daughter. She looked worse than I expected.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Yes\'85 It\f1\rquote s really sad to hear that they had to sedate her to get her to sleep.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote When Lord Philip was coming to the monastery every day, I wondered how desperate he must have been. Seeing his daughter in person, I can understand why. She\rquote s still so young.\rdblquote\par
\par
The image of the frail girl, lying almost swallowed up by the large bed, flashed in Lisbell\rquote s mind. She couldn\rquote t help but feel a strange, almost painful sensation stir in her chest.\par
\par
It reminded her of her mother.\par
\par
As Miriam had said, before coming to the mansion, Lisbell had also wondered whether Lord Philip was asking too much, perhaps expecting more than was reasonable. Religious influence wasn\rquote t something that could be imposed on individuals at will, and although she might seem somewhat unspiritual, Lisbell had doubts about whether the prayers of the faithful could truly heal someone suffering so deeply.\par
\par
In a world where scientifically proven medicine existed, it felt almost naive to rely on such unscientific hopes.\line\line\line But when she actually saw his sick daughter, Lisbell realized that such doubts could not even be considered. While medicine was being relied upon, it was not enough to ease the heart.\par
\par
She had been receiving adequate medical support from Ulrich through a contract that involved her body, and while there was nothing more she could do, Lord Philip, on the other hand, had the position and wealth to at least place his hopes in religion.\par
\par
If there was anything he could mobilize before his daughter\rquote s breath truly left her, he would have done it, even if it were prayers whose efficacy was unproven.\par
\par
Knowing the desperate longing of submission all too well, Lisbell couldn\rquote t simply turn a blind eye to it.\par
\par
With her eyes lowered, Lisbell murmured quietly.\par
\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s pray that Lady Sawyer can make it through the night.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
After exchanging some casual conversation with Miriam, the sound of a knock interrupted them.\par
\par
It was the servant who had previously escorted them to their respective rooms.\par
\par
\ldblquote I will escort you to the dining room for dinner.\rdblquote\par
\par
Though they were essentially commoners, the servant\rquote s attitude was particularly respectful, likely due to the fact that they were guests personally invited by the master of the house. Lisbell, now feeling a bit uncomfortable, descended to the first floor with Miriam.\par
\par
At the dinner table, Lisbell had expected it would just be the two of them, but there was someone already present\emdash Lord Philip, whom she had parted from earlier in Sawyer\rquote s room. She looked around, wondering where Father Meteo had gone.\par
\par
Lord Philip, seated at the head of the table, mentioned that after the two of them finished eating, Father Meteo would join them for dinner. It seemed that, as had been arranged earlier, one of them was always meant to stay by his daughter\rquote s side.\par
\par
\ldblquote Thank you both, and especially to you, Bell, for agreeing to my stubbornness,\rdblquote  he said, alternating his gaze between the two before focusing on Lisbell.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell. I am especially grateful to you.\rdblquote\par
\par
For a brief moment, his gaze held an ambiguous meaning before he gestured to the dishes, urging them to begin eating.\par
\par
Lord Philip personally served Lisbell by placing a dish in front of her, dismissing the servant who had approached with the new food. It seemed like he was concerned about her reaction to his shocking behavior in the confessional earlier, so Lisbell smiled slightly in appreciation.\par
\par
During the meal, light conversation flowed, mostly about Sawyer. Eventually, the conversation ran out, and a silence settled over the table.\par
\par
As Lisbell took a spoonful of the clear chicken soup Lord Philip had served, she suddenly had a thought and asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote Lord, is chess one of your hobbies?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Chess?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes. I think I saw a chessboard in a room with the door slightly ajar earlier.\rdblquote\par
\par
Expecting a response that would match the casual nature of her question, Lisbell was taken aback when Lord Philip seemed to respond as though he were hearing of an entirely unrelated topic.\par
\par
\ldblquote Well, I wouldn\rquote t say it\rquote s a hobby. When I was single, I played a few times at a social club, but I never really found it enjoyable, so I haven\rquote t touched it since I got married. That\rquote s why there aren\rquote t any chess pieces in the mansion.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Huh? But I saw a chessboard earlier\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote A chessboard? Well, I\rquote\f0 m not sure\'85 maybe you\f1\rquote ve mistaken something.\rdblquote\par
\par
No chess pieces at all?\par
\par
Then what was it that I saw?\par
\par
Lisbell felt a strange chill for a moment, as though she were playing some sort of foolish prank. But Lord Philip quickly moved on to a different subject, as though he genuinely believed she had made a mistake.\par
\par
Lisbell, now confused, stopped chewing her food.\par
\par
For a moment, an uncomfortable sensation lingered.\par
\par
It felt as though her fingers had just brushed against a thin sheet of paper, cutting through her.\par
\par
\f0\'85Again?\f1\par
\par
Am I mistaken again?\par
\par
The unease, which she could not swallow calmly, caught in her throat, and she couldn\rquote t help but feel unsettled.\par
\par
She forced herself to take another spoonful of soup. The flavor was rich and the taste exquisite, yet strangely, it felt as though she were eating sand.\par
\par
\par
\par
After finishing their meal, Lisbell and Miriam made their way to Sawyer\rquote s bedroom. As they walked, Lisbell cast uneasy glances around.\par
\par
The chessboard kept swirling in her mind.\par
\par
Did I really see it wrong?\par
\par
But was it possible to mistake a square chessboard with pieces for something else?\par
\par
It had flashed by so quickly, but it was clearly a chessboard.\par
\par
In fact, if it had been someone else, she might have been able to lightly pass it off as, \ldblquote Yeah, I guess I saw it wrong,\rdblquote  but Lisbell had a memory that she couldn\rquote t do that. There had already been a misunderstanding once, one that she couldn\rquote t figure out and couldn\rquote t resolve.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The beautiful hand she had encountered at the confession.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell quietly rubbed the back of her neck hidden behind the veil. The unidentified cold air that had dug in again stimulated her wounds sharply.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If possible, she wanted to go back to the room she had seen earlier and confirm that what she had seen with her own two eyes was the chessboard, but it was realistically impossible. She had been guided by a servant earlier, so she didn\rquote t know the exact location of the room that was open, and it was also urgent to exchange places with the priest who had been keeping watch with a hungry stomach while they were eating.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She gave up faster than she thought.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell arrived at Sawyer\rquote s bedroom without being able to find out the truth. After a brief conversation with the priest, the two of them now stayed by Sawyer\rquote s side.\par
\par
 \par
\par
While the two took turns reciting the prayer of rest in their mouths, the servants often approached the bed to check on the young lady\rquote s comfort.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In the meantime.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, who was holding the scripture, raised her hand and rubbed her eyes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At some point, her eyelids became heavy. They closed against her will, as if a solid rock had been placed on them. For a moment, she thought she was falling asleep, but it was a little different. Rather than the temptation of sleep, it felt like her whole body was being spurred on by her unwillingness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She shook the scripture in her hand a few times and cleared her dizzy eyes several times, and then something fell to the floor with a thud.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah\'85 Sorry.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The strength in her hand completely disappeared and the Bible fell. Because it was quite thick, the sound of it falling was quite loud. Lisbell noticed the eyes gathering here and there and offered a formal apology. Even in this situation, her eyes were spinning and it was hard to maintain her posture.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Bell? What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Miriam on the other side asked Lisbell, whose complexion had changed from a moment ago. Lisbell, who had bent her legs to pick up the Bible, realized that her body was in a state where she could collapse, so she covered her forehead. As she closed her eyes tightly, she felt her nerves lose strength one by one as if they were all loose. It wouldn\rquote t be strange if she fainted right away.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Miriam. Sorry\'85 I don\f1\rquote t think I\rquote m feeling well.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What? Really?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Uh, um\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Miriam quickly turned around the bed and came over, realizing the seriousness of Lisbell\rquote s condition, who couldn\rquote t even put together a sentence properly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why are you acting like this all of a sudden? Did you have some trouble while eating?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote\f0 t know\'85 uh. But if I keep going like this\'85 I\f1\rquote\f0 m just going to be a nuisance\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even though she was standing still, it was hard to keep her wits about her as if someone was grabbing her hair and shaking her back and forth. Miriam looked around in confusion as she whispered in a tone that seemed to be flowing intermittently, then whispered softly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Bell, you go back to your room first and rest. As I said, if you collapse first, it would be a big deal. There are two of us, so it wouldn\rquote t be a big problem if only one of us remained. I\rquote ll tell the priest later.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell nodded her head in gratitude for Miriam\rquote s consideration and left the bedroom with slow movements.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she returned to the room she was guided to, she was almost crawling in. Lisbell barely made it to the bed and collapsed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What was the problem?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The meal?\par
\par
 \par
\par
\f0 Did she maybe have food poisoning? However, it was far from the symptoms of poisoning. Or maybe a medicine she took\'85 However, she herself didn\f1\rquote t remember taking anything like that.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She blinked her eyes a few times, but her consciousness quickly dispersed. Her vision suddenly blacked out with an unknown number of shivers.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And when she came to her senses again, it was already well past night.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85 Hmm.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell barely opened her dry eyelids, which seemed drier than the desert.\par
\par
 \par
\par
An unfamiliar ceiling greeted her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She stopped as she moved her arms to rub her eyes. She hurriedly raised her upper body, which had been frozen in that state. The blanket covering her shoulders slid down.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A bright beam of light pouring down from the open curtains illuminated her naked body, which was not covered by a single thread.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\f0 Naked\'85?\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
She had no memory of sleeping naked the night before. The discomfort that her body had acquired first covered her entire body with goosebumps. Her hands, which had begun to tremble, lifted the blanket that had flowed down to her navel.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A silent gasp formed on the tip of her tongue.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The inside of her thighs were soaked with an unknown liquid.\par
\par
 \par
\ldblquote\f0 What is this\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She hurriedly pulled off the blanket. It wasn\rquote t just the unknown, viscous substance on her thighs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The flesh on the inside of her thighs was mottled with reddish bruises. Just looking at this area, it was in such a terrible state that it looked like she had a horrible skin disease. As if she had been savagely bitten by a wild dog.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She, who had been looking down in shock, quickly covered her mouth with her hand. Holding her breath tightly, Lisbell suddenly lifted her head.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her violet eyes, filled with fear, turned as if unable to find their composure. However, contrary to her worries, the bedroom was exactly as she had seen it yesterday. It still displayed an intricate neatness, as it was a room reserved for guests, while maintaining its formality and dignity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The only one who had become horrifically strange in this room was me.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell hurriedly got out of bed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she pushed off the ground with his foot, it felt as if someone had kicked her in the back of the knee, and she collapsed forward.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She lay sprawled in a pitiful state, gasping for breath.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It felt like dark storm clouds were gathering behind her, unseen. Believing that if her sky were covered by them, it would truly be the end, Lisbell crawled slowly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she finally reached the bathroom, she gagged and heaved up the contents of her stomach. As the stomach acid surged back up, her throat felt as if it were being stabbed with a burning knife.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her eyes, which had been shaking for a long time, stopped moving. Her fingertips, as pale as her complexion, brushed over the bodily fluids that trickled down her thigh, making a faint sound.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\f0 Just her imagination\'85?\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
Again?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Was this also her delusion?\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 No\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
That can\rquote t be.\par
\par
 \par
\par
How could this be called a delusion?\par
\par
 \par
\par
The lingering creepy sensation on her body, the gruesome marks left on her pale skin, and this unpleasant residue on her fingertips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was all real.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Something had really happened to her!\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even amidst all this, it was utterly absurd. Even after pushing her to the brink of confusion, she still couldn\rquote t find that person no matter where she looked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The panic she experienced a few days ago and the anxiety that she couldn\rquote t help but feel from time to time were all a real nightmare personally delivered by that man. It wasn\rquote t her who was imagining things; it was him who was causing such things.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even going so far as to use such methods that didn\rquote t reveal himself until the very end.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell mustered all her strength to steady her trembling legs. She turned the faucet and jumped into the torrent of water. She scrubbed so hard and painfully that her skin felt like it was peeling off. She scrubbed every inch of her body, leaving no trace behind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Under the hot water, her delicate skin turned red, but she didn\rquote t care. By the time she felt that rubbing wasn\rquote t enough, she instinctively used her nails. The barely healing scratch was once again torn open without any satisfaction.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When she turned off the faucet that had been pouring water for quite a while, an eerie silence enveloped the bathroom. Lisbell raised her hand and slowly wiped her face. The dampness dripped from her palm with a plop. The sensation of the droplets crawling down her skin was enough to induce a strange chill.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Clothes\'85 my clothes.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell hurriedly rushed out of the bathroom and frantically searched for her clothes.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She found them behind the bed. Without even thinking of drying herself with a towel, Lisbell shoved her arms and legs into them haphazardly. She knew the buttons were mismatched and ugly creases were forming in the clothes, but she couldn\rquote t stop. Lisbell acted like someone incapable of normal reasoning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The cloth covering her shoulders became damp from her thoroughly wet hair. Still, she was steadfastly buttoning her clothes.\par
\par
Knock knock.\par
\par
The sound of knocking roused her consciousness in an instant.\par
\par
To say it knocked might have been an understatement\emdash it felt as though her brain had been physically struck.\par
\par
Every nerve was on edge, bristling like needles.\par
\par
Lisbell turned toward the door with an unnatural, puppet-like motion. Though she had no mirror before her, she was certain her face had gone completely pale.\par
\par
Knock knock.\par
\par
The knock resounded again, this time like a hammer blow.\par
\par
Frozen in place like a statue, Lisbell finally moved toward the door with halting steps. Just as she reached for the doorknob, her pupils dilated. Her temples throbbed, as though a foreboding presence was rushing toward her from the distance.\par
\par
She pressed her dry tongue against the roof of her mouth.\par
\par
Exhaling slowly, she opened the door impulsively, almost without thinking.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell. You\rquote re awake? Sorry to come so early, but\emdash what\rquote s wrong with your face?\rdblquote\par
\par
It was Miriam.\par
\par
The tidal wave of tension that had crashed over her ebbed away like a retreating tide. The heightened sensitivity in her mind deflated abruptly, leaving her feeling weak.\par
\par
Lisbell stood still for a moment, then clutched her forehead as dizziness overcame her.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 I\'85 didn\f1\rquote t sleep well. What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote\f0 t rest well last night? Actually\'85 the priest said we need to return to the monastery right away.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The hand rubbing her forehead froze.\par
\par
\ldblquote Right away? Why? Did something happen at the monastery?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Well, to be precise\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Miriam glanced around nervously, as if wary of eavesdroppers, then lowered her voice to a whisper.\par
\par
\ldblquote We need to leave. Lord Philip has issued an expulsion order.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s hand clenched tightly around the doorknob.\par
\par
\f0\'85What?\f1\par
\par
She thought she must have misheard, but Miriam\rquote s expression remained unchanged, confirming what she\rquote d just said.\par
\par
On Lisbell\rquote s already pale face, a flicker of bewilderment surfaced. Just yesterday, she\rquote d been greeted with such a warm welcome\emdash what could have caused this sudden reversal overnight?\par
\par
\ldblquote An expulsion order?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote We need to go. The priest is waiting. Do you have anything else to pack?\rdblquote\par
\par
Miriam\rquote s urgency made it clear that something serious was going on. Flustered, Lisbell hurriedly followed her out of the room. By the time they reached the front entrance, a car was already waiting.\par
\par
As soon as they got in, the car started without delay. Unlike the warmth of the previous day\rquote s reception, the send-off was cold and unceremonious.\par
\par
The car ride back to the monastery was steeped in silence. Of the three passengers, Lisbell was the most perplexed. There had been no time to process what had happened before she was dragged away.\par
\par
After some hesitation, she leaned toward Miriam and whispered, \ldblquote Did something happen to Miss Sawyer?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote No. I stayed with her until dawn, and she was fine the whole time.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell had wondered if something had happened to the young lady\rquote s health, causing the lord to become unbalanced, but it seemed that wasn\rquote t the case. Then why? The lack of clarity only deepened her confusion. She turned to stare out of the window, her thoughts churning. Beneath her long skirt, she couldn\rquote t ignore the sensation between her legs. Was it a relief that she\rquote d left the estate? If she\rquote\f0 d stayed there any longer\'85\f1\par
\par
No. She didn\rquote t know.\par
\par
She truly didn\rquote t know.\par
\par
What in the world was going on?\par
\par
What had caused her body\rquote s strange state the day before, or the fluid and marks she\rquote d found on her inner thighs that morning? Why had Lord Philip\rquote s attitude shifted so dramatically overnight?\par
\par
\lquote\f0\'85Ulrich Altahart.\f1\rquote\par
\par
\f0 Could it really be\'85 that he was here, somewhere near her?\f1\par
\par
Fragments of speculation, unconfirmed and nebulous, swirled in her mind. The car eventually arrived at the monastery. The priest who greeted them instructed the two women to return to their quarters. Frustrated though she was, Lisbell complied.\par
\par
The day passed in a haze, the plans for it disrupted and left in limbo.\par
\par
It was as the sun dipped below the horizon, casting the land in shadow, that the priest came to Lisbell\rquote s room.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell, Darian has asked to see you.\rdblquote\par
\par
A chill ran down her spine.\par
\par
It felt as if an ominous gun barrel, teetering all day, had finally taken aim squarely at her.\par
\par
Swallowing nervously, Lisbell followed the priest.\par
\par
Darian was waiting in the same private room they had used two days prior\emdash where Lord Philip had first introduced her. Though the setting was familiar, the atmosphere was far heavier now. It was suffocating in a way it hadn\rquote t been before.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell, given the gravity of the situation, I\rquote ll get straight to the point. What happened at Lord Philip\rquote s estate?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What? What do you mean\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote A formal complaint has been lodged by Lord Philip. He claims you committed a deeply offensive act last night.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85What?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The absurd accusation left her stunned. If she hadn\rquote t braced herself, she might have collapsed under the weight of the sudden dizziness. The image of Lord Philip smiling warmly at her the previous evening flashed in her mind, only to dissipate.\par
\par
\ldblquote I pressed him for details, but he refused, saying he found it too distasteful to recount. He suggested I ask you directly. Bell, I need you to answer truthfully.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell instinctively shook her head.\par
\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote\f0 t\'85 I didn\f1\rquote t do anything, Darian.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her voice trembled, stretched thin by anxiety.\par
\par
She knew exactly what kind of questioning would follow such a statement.\par
\par
\ldblquote According to Priest Meteo\rquote s report, everything was fine through dinner. He mentioned that you separated afterward. Where were you, and what were you doing?\rdblquote\par
\par
\f0 Ah\'85\f1\par
\par
Another sigh escaped her, laden with despair.\par
\line\line\line She was innocent and upright.\par
\par
She could place a hand over her heart and assert it with conviction.\par
\par
Not once had she considered, much less attempted, anything that might offend Lord Philip, who had looked upon her with pity as if seeing his younger self. She had never harbored any malicious intent to harm him.\par
\par
But now, the words she was about to speak felt like they would undermine her resolute will and drag her into deeper trouble. Darian\rquote s sharp gaze seemed to scold her silent lips mercilessly.\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s eyes dropped weakly to the floor. She couldn\rquote t bring herself to meet that gaze.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Well, I\'85 last night, the truth is\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote After dinner, I wasn\rquote t feeling well. I informed Miriam and rested in my room.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Do you have anyone who can corroborate that?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85No.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What did you do after returning to your room?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I fell asleep.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote And that\rquote s all?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian covered her mouth with her hand, seemingly lost in thought or at a loss for words.\par
\par
Standing there, Lisbell felt as though she were a criminal on trial, her chest tightening painfully. Her senses were paralyzed, unsure where to look, what to say, or how to act.\par
\par
It felt as though she was being slowly driven into some unknown abyss.\par
\par
A hard, shallow breath rose from the depths of her lungs.\par
\par
\ldblquote Is that really all? Do you have no other memories?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote\f0 s\'85 all. Nothing unusual happened. I mean, I fell asleep and\'85 but I\f1\rquote\f0 m sure that after falling asleep\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Is it possible that you unintentionally did something that might have upset Lord Philip? Think carefully, Bell. This is a serious matter for you as well.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Lord Philip has included a petition alongside the formal complaint, requesting your expulsion from the monastery. As you know, Lord Philip is a guest we cannot afford to overlook at the moment. The stronger his claims, the harder it will be for us to protect you.\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian\rquote s long statement struck Lisbell\rquote s mind like a bolt of lightning.\par
\par
Expulsion from the monastery.\par
\par
A guest they couldn\rquote t afford to overlook.\par
\par
Protecting her would be difficult.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ah\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She was utterly dazed.\par
\par
Now she finally understood.\par
\par
Since when?\par
\par
Since when had the foundation of her world started to crumble like this?\par
\par
She didn\rquote t know much, but one thing was certain: someone was trying to force her out of this place, even resorting to such insidious pressure.\par
\par
\f0 And that someone was undoubtedly\'85\f1\par
\par
\ldblquote So, before I joined, didn\rquote t I ask?\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian, who had been staring at the wall with a troubled look, turned toward her. Their gazes, however, didn\rquote t meet. Lisbell\rquote s empty, half-dead eyes were fixed beyond Darian\rquote s shoulder.\par
\par
\ldblquote How far can faith protect me?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote At the time, you told me that if I so wished, no one could remove me from here. So why has that changed now? I felt a sense of stability in this place\emdash\f0 a stability I thought I would never feel again. That alone made me happy. But now, why\'85 why am I being cast aside again?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The bitterness of being stripped of her autonomy and reduced to a pawn in someone\rquote s base desires reared its head, fueling her sense of injustice.\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not me. I swear, I\rquote ve done nothing to insult Lord Philip. This must be that man\rquote\f0 s doing\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Her voice, rising like an impassioned denunciation, was abruptly cut off, as if severed by a blade. Even her lips, poised to spill more, froze. Instinct demanded it, and rationality followed a moment later.\par
\par
How far could she go?\par
\par
If it would prove her innocence, Lisbell would have stripped bare before Darian without hesitation.\par
\par
She wanted to scream that her body had undergone inexplicable changes the moment she collapsed into bed in the guest room, that it was not Lord Philip but herself who had endured some unspeakable act in the night.\par
\par
But she couldn\rquote t.\par
\par
\ldblquote A celibate body.\rdblquote\par
\par
She had fallen victim to the very rules she had rationalized her way into breaking.\par
\par
Even though she had washed away the fluids, there was no immediate way to erase the bite-like marks left on her skin. To Lisbell\rquote s experienced eyes, those marks were unmistakable signs of a passionate encounter with someone.\par
\par
She couldn\rquote t speak.\par
\par
If she did, she\rquote d be expelled for violating the rules.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bell?\rdblquote\par
\par
Darian\rquote s concerned voice called her name as Lisbell, who had been vehemently defending herself, suddenly fell silent as if her tongue had been cut. But Lisbell couldn\rquote t hear her. The chilling cold that gnawed at her limbs made it feel like all the blood was draining from her body.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85I don\f1\rquote t know.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote\f0 t know\'85 either.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Trapped in a dreadful state of uncertainty, the only words Lisbell could muster were irresponsibly vague.\par
\par
With a sigh, Darian told her that she would speak with Lord Philip again and sent Lisbell away.\par
\par
The long corridor was swallowed by the night, its ambiguous darkness consuming everything diagonally. The shadows pooled heavily, feeling especially damp and oppressive tonight. Lisbell\rquote s steps seemed to sink into the void as she walked.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 How\'85?\f1\rquote\par
\par
Her footsteps echoed in the silent night.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 How can I stay here\'85?\f1\rquote\par
\par
Without revealing her flaws.\par
\par
Without falling into that man\rquote s grasp.\par
\par
How?\par
\par
Whenever she tried to think through the situation, her mind would blank out completely. An ominous sense that any attempt to resolve things would only lead to further disasters gripped her by the nape, refusing to let go. Even if her body escaped, her mind felt shackled, endlessly bound to someone\rquote s cruel domain.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote\f0 re so naive\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Flinch.\par
\par
It was as if someone were mocking her weakness. A man\rquote s derisive laughter, sickeningly sweet in tone, lingered in her ears.\par
\par
\ldblquote I can do as I please.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Do you really think so?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, you overthink for someone so naive. That only ever makes things worse.\rdblquote\par
\par
Slap.\par
\par
Lisbell slapped her own left cheek forcefully.\par
\par
The unsettling hallucination ceased.\par
\par
But only briefly. Her resistance seemed to provoke it even more.\par
\par
Ha-ha.\par
\par
A cruel chuckle filled with mockery and disdain clawed at her ears, as if the voice were looking down on her with contemptuous amusement.\par
\par
Ha-ha-ha.\par
\par
It felt like a venomous insect crawling through her ears, writhing its legs grotesquely.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Shut up\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Slap! Slap! Slap!\par
\par
She slapped both her ears repeatedly as her pace quickened. Her cheeks burned from the sharp sting of her blows, yet she felt nothing but cold. It was as though she\rquote d been plunged into the depths of a freezing winter.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Shut up. Shut up. Shut up\'85 Shut up, shut up\'85! Shut up!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Why won\rquote t it stop?\par
\par
She knew it was a hallucination, yet it wouldn\rquote t fade away.\par
\par
Lisbell found herself running through the corridor. The endlessly stretching passage felt oppressively claustrophobic tonight.\par
\par
How strange.\par
\par
This wasn\rquote t Marnia. It wasn\rquote t the Altahart mansion, nor was it Ulrich\rquote s extravagantly decorated bedroom.\par
\par
And yet, the laughter that had always dragged her into darkness refused to stop following her.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Huff, huff\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She ran until her throat tasted of blood. Leaning against a pillar, Lisbell wavered like a straw doll before collapsing to the ground.\par
\par
Her body alternated between cold and heat. Her ears and cheeks, reddened from her impulsive self-inflicted blows, ached, while her overworked lungs felt like they were about to burst. Yet her hands and feet were numb, as though frostbitten and decaying.\par
\par
Feeling the contradictory sensations, she looked up in a daze. For the first time, the moon came into view, dispelling the surrounding darkness. The moonlight was so bright it felt like her eyes might go blind. Staring into the blue luminescence, Lisbell finally faced the truth she had long avoided.\par
\par
\lquote\f0\'85It\f1\rquote s over.\rquote\par
\par
This place could not be her salvation.\par
\par
Even if she survived this ordeal, could she guarantee there wouldn\rquote t be another? How many more dishonorable accusations would she have to endure? How much longer before her very presence became a burden? If this cycle continued, would her existence itself not eventually turn into a sin?\par
\par
Lisbell couldn\rquote t bear to let it go that far.\par
\par
She didn\rquote t have the strength.\par
\par
The brief time she had spent here had been precious and comforting, like fertile soil on barren land.\par
\par
The wind howled.\par
\par
The veil covering her head fluttered weakly like a surrendered white flag. She gripped it and slowly pulled it off, the gesture one of resignation.\par
\par
The wind blew harder.\par
\par
The spring night\rquote s breeze, sharp and relentless, teased her unevenly cut gray hair, making it dance. Somewhere nearby, the sound of fabric flapping accompanied the gusts.\par
\par
\ldblquote What a waste.\rdblquote\par
\par
Step.\par
\par
What followed was the sound of measured footsteps.\par
\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s no internal rule saying you have to cut your hair.\rdblquote\par
\par
The wind stopped abruptly.\par
\par
The moment she became aware of it, Lisbell\rquote s world was overtaken by the overwhelming presence of the speaker.\par
\par
\f0\'85A hallucination?\f1\par
\par
Again?\par
\par
Lisbell slowly raised her hand, intending to escape through self-inflicted pain as before, but her body refused to obey. Her instincts had already recognized that what was happening was not merely a sensory illusion.\par
\par
This wasn\rquote t a hallucination.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Why would you cut such beautiful hair\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The deep, languid voice curled around her ears like a liquid, now resonating directly behind her.\line\line\line A chilling shiver ran down Lisbell\rquote s stiffened nape, like icy beads crawling over her skin.\par
\par
Something brushed the ends of her hair.\par
\par
Was it just the playful teasing of a gentle breeze?\par
\par
No, it wasn\rquote t.\par
\par
\ldblquote This is all mine. Who gave you permission?\rdblquote\par
\par
Fingers.\par
\par
Without even needing to look, Lisbell could vividly picture the delicate, refined fingers of the man who now entwined strands of her unruly gray hair in his grasp, idly twirling them. Though his gesture was lighthearted, the air around them seemed to freeze further. The veil clenched in her hands crumpled miserably as mounting tension made her grip tighter and tighter.\par
\par
Lisbell was all too familiar with what those hands could do. For now, they moved with an unsettling ease, but she knew how abruptly they could turn savage, how suddenly they might seize her hair in a brutal grip.\par
\par
And those hands\emdash graceful yet massive\emdash could easily encircle her neck, suffocating her with a single motion. She had experienced that choking grip often enough to know the terror it brought.\par
\par
Her mouth filled with sticky saliva, a physiological response to the unbearable tension. Yet, she couldn\rquote t even swallow it, so acute was her fear.\par
\par
Though she desperately hoped otherwise, the likelihood of escape seemed slim.\par
\par
Her stiffened neck creaked as she slowly turned her head.\par
\par
And when she finally looked back, Lisbell felt as though her very heart had been pierced.\par
\par
\ldblquote Hello.\rdblquote\par
\par
The man\rquote s sculpted face smiled serenely under the radiant moonlight that poured down upon him.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m back.\rdblquote\par
\par
His voice carried the tone of someone who had wandered long and finally found his cozy cradle. The deliberate, melodic drawl in his words hinted at an intimate eagerness, like someone ready to throw himself entirely into that cradle.\par
\par
This wasn\rquote t an illusion. Nor a hallucination.\par
\par
The voice, the demeanor, the overpowering presence that smothered her in its terrifying tranquility\emdash it was all unmistakable.\par
\par
Unfortunately for Lisbell, he was exactly as she remembered him.\par
\par
In a clumsy attempt to rise, she tripped over her feet and fell.\par
\par
But even then, she couldn\rquote t stop moving, desperately crawling backward.\par
\par
She knew all too well how futile it was. Such feeble resistance wouldn\rquote t even take her beyond his shadow, let alone out of his sight. Still, when faced with the calamity now standing before her, her mind had shrunk to the level of a mere insect, seeking escape by any means, however pitiful.\par
\par
Meanwhile, Ulrich leisurely rose from his seat, watching her retreat with a composed gaze. His trench coat fluttered gracefully in the breeze over a perfectly tailored suit.\par
\par
His platinum hair, far richer in luster than her dull gray locks, shimmered as he ran a hand through it.\par
\par
The oppressive intensity of his gaze, which bound her like chains, disappeared momentarily as his hand covered his eyes. That brief respite allowed Lisbell to stagger to her feet, bracing herself against the ground.\par
\par
Clenching her teeth, she bolted in the opposite direction.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hah\'85! Huff\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She hadn\rquote t even run far, yet her lungs already burned, as though they were collapsing under the strain. This wasn\rquote t merely physical exhaustion. Her chest felt as though anxiety itself were simmering within, intensifying with each beat of her heart.\par
\par
She crossed the long corridor and burst into the grand chapel ahead.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Please, please\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
There were two ways to lock the chapel doors: with a key or by using the latch at the top of the frame. The keyhole was at waist height, but the latch was positioned far higher. With no key on her person, she tiptoed frantically, reaching up with trembling hands to grasp the latch.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Please\'85 just\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The latch, which was usually within easy reach, now felt as distant as a flower on a cliff. She knew it was her panic clouding her judgment, but she couldn\rquote t calm down. Her erratic heartbeat and suffocating dread made any semblance of composure impossible.\par
\par
In stark contrast to her frantic efforts, the man approaching behind her walked with leisurely grace. He neither hurried nor faltered, exuding the serene poise of a swan gliding across a lake. She could vividly picture him beyond the chapel doors, his coat swaying gently as he advanced with unsettling ease.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Finally, she managed to grab hold of the latch. She just needed to turn it now\emdash just one motion, and a temporary barrier would separate them.\par
\par
But before she could secure it, an overwhelming force suddenly shoved the door open, throwing her backward.\par
\par
What had been tightly shut flew wide as if it had been nothing more than paper.\par
\par
Ulrich slowly lowered his left leg, which had just delivered the devastating kick. The brief display of brute force gave him an air of lawlessness, but just as quickly, his polished demeanor returned, his posture resuming its calculated elegance.\par
\par
Yet to Lisbell, who knew his true nature, he remained nothing more than a harbinger of darkness.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah\'85 hic\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Tears of despair welled in her eyes as she choked on her own gasping breaths.\par
\par
Lisbell, unable to withstand the force of the door slammed open by Ulrich\rquote s kick, was flung backward, collapsing onto the floor.\par
\par
She needed to escape, to find another path, but her ankle seemed injured from the fall\emdash she couldn\rquote t put much strength into it. In the end, all she could do was crawl across the chapel floor, desperately trying to put distance between them.\par
\par
The wide-open door groaned as it slowly swung shut again, plunging the chapel into a dim, shadowy gloom.\par
\par
\ldblquote Of all places, why hide in a church?\rdblquote\par
\par
The sharp, deliberate sound of his footsteps echoed in the silence\emdash click, click.\par
\par
That sound alone carried the weight of something dreadful, like darkness itself striding toward her. Lisbell instinctively sought out the nearest source of light.\par
\par
\ldblquote As much as I dislike meddling with religion, even I have my limits,\rdblquote  he mused, his tone light but sinister.\par
\par
Flickering candlelight glimmered in the distance.\par
\par
It came from the altar. A sacred area forbidden even to most priests unless explicitly permitted. Only the abbot and vice abbot were allowed to access it, where ceremonial relics were kept alongside rows of candles encased in glass domes, ensuring their flames never extinguished.\par
\par
Lisbell crawled desperately past rows of pews and finally reached the altar\rquote s steps. Just as she grasped the edge of the first step, a hand clamped down on her ankle.\par
\par
\ldblquote Still, I guess it\rquote s fine. After all, we\rquote ve finally reunited.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her efforts to reach the altar were for nothing; she was dragged back across the floor.\par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, why do you keep running away?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Agh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s been so long. Don\rquote t you think that\rquote s a bit cold of you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Let go, let go of me\'85 let go!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Or should I call you Bell? That fits the mood better, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
\par
Her struggles became frantic as she tried to shake off his serpent-like grip. But her wide, terrified eyes met his face as he loomed over her, a crooked smile tugging at his lips.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah, that dumbfounded expression of yours\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s been so long. How exciting.\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich tightened his hold on Lisbell\rquote s ankle, dragging her closer.\par
\par
Her heel brushed against the open coat he wore over his perfectly tailored trousers. The polished fabric shifted under her skin, transmitting the sensation of something rigid and alive beneath. His excitement swelled, unrestrained, against her exposed ankle.\par
\par
Disgust surged within her, boiling over.\par
\par
\ldblquote Stop it! It\rquote s disgusting\emdash so disgusting!\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Disgusting?\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich let out a sharp laugh, as though she\rquote d just said something utterly absurd.\par
\par
Even as he chuckled, his hands moved deftly. He stripped off her shoe and sock, exposing her bare foot. Without hesitation, he pressed it against the bulge in his trousers, grinding it against him with obscene force.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah\'85 I feel like I could finish just like this,\f1\rdblquote  he murmured, his voice laced with lewd satisfaction.\par
\par
Despite the pressure her foot applied, his arousal only seemed to grow. He groaned softly, savoring the sensation.\par
\par
Lisbell clenched her teeth, then lashed out with her free leg, kicking with all her might. The movement was wild and frenzied, driven by sheer desperation.\par
\par
Her heel struck his face with a dull thud, jerking his head to the side. His grip on her ankle weakened, and she seized the chance to wrench herself free. Scrambling to her knees, she crawled up the altar steps.\par
\par
Something, anything\emdash she needed a weapon.\par
\par
Her frantic gaze darted around until it landed on a golden candlestick. She grabbed it tightly, but as she turned to defend herself, she was yanked backward with brutal force.\par
\par
Her knees scraped harshly against the floor as she collapsed, losing hold of the candlestick.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Before she could recover, a hand seized her arm, spinning her around.\par
\par
Light filtered through the stained glass, painting her surroundings in cold, pale hues.\par
\par
\ldblquote That hurts.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ughhh\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Is it okay for a nun to resort to violence like this?\rdblquote\par
\par
A faint smear of blood glistened on Ulrich\rquote s split lip.\par
\par
Yet he seemed utterly unfazed, brushing his hand carelessly across his mouth. The disinterested look on his face, coupled with the way he narrowed his eyes in mock pain, made it painfully obvious he was putting on a show.\par
\par
Lisbell could only watch, paralyzed with rage and dread, as he loomed closer once again.\line\line\line And as if he had no intention of hiding it, he immediately curved his eyes into a sly smile.\par
\par
\ldblquote Well. You wouldn\rquote t be able to become an official priest anyway.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Why that expression? You know it better than anyone.\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s hand touched Lisbell\rquote s face. She flinched at the motion of him cupping her cheek. His thumb pressed down firmly on her soft skin as he lowered his face.\par
\par
The distance between them became dangerously close, and at that moment, his voice struck down like a sharp blade, disturbingly lighthearted.\par
\par
\ldblquote I already own this body.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Isn\rquote t it too filthy to be offered to God?\rdblquote\par
\par
His delicate fingers touched the center of Lisbell\rquote s collarbones, then traced downward over her clothes, stopping just at the curve of her navel. The long, deliberate line he drew resembled the foundation of a cross. His cunning touch exposed everything she had desperately tried to conceal.\par
\par
\f0 As expected\'85\f1\par
\par
There was no way out of this.\par
\par
Even if she somehow covered up the incident with Sir Philip this time, Ulrich had an absolute weapon.\par
\par
The truth that Lisbell had no choice but to hide upon joining the monastery. The one thing she had dismissed as nothing but violence\emdash but in reality, it could not be categorized so simply.\par
\par
Within the confines of this narrow monastery world, what she had done with him was considered a sin. Whether she had consented or not, once a body was tainted, it could never regain its former sanctity.\par
\par
Even so, having her own corruption defined by his words tore at her heart. Had she wanted it? No. It had all been driven by the man\rquote s base, vile amusement.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What did you do\'85 to Sir Philip?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Memories she had buried resurfaced like shattered glass, making it impossible to suppress the question.\par
\par
Ulrich smiled brightly, as if genuinely delighted that she, who had always avoided and ignored him, was finally speaking to him. The joy in his face was so pure it almost seemed moving.\par
\par
\ldblquote Nothing worth calling a crime. I simply proposed a tempting deal for his sick daughter.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote If he helped me a little, I would arrange for her treatment at the royal hospital in Rekem.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote You may not know, but Lekem\rquote s medical advancements are far superior to those in this country.\rdblquote\par
\par
Of course. A hospital capable of making even corpses appear alive\emdash what couldn\rquote t they do?\par
\par
Lisbell swallowed the surge of nausea and took slow, steady breaths.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What\'85 did you make me take yesterday?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yesterday?\rdblquote\par
\par
His eyes rolled slightly as if searching his memory. Soon, he let out a soft \lquote ah\rquote  and smirked, his eye corners folding lazily.\par
\par
\ldblquote A sedative. It happened to be in that mansion.\rdblquote\par
\par
Without warning, Ulrich\rquote s hand slipped beneath the hem of her black skirt. His fingers kneaded her knee, making Lisbell recoil inward, trembling. The memory of her retching violently that morning flashed through her mind.\par
\par
\ldblquote I needed you to sleep soundly.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 I wonder if the marks I left are still there\'85. I sucked on them all night, so my lips are still sore. To be honest, I was so hard it hurt\f1\emdash I almost just put it in, but I don\rquote t really enjoy rushing things.\rdblquote\par
\par
As his words dragged on, Lisbell discreetly scanned her surroundings. Though his vulgar remarks made her mind reel and nausea stir again, she endured it, focusing on locating the fallen candlestick she had dropped earlier.\par
\par
Once she had identified its position, she took advantage of the moment when his attention wavered and swung her foot at him once more.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
But Ulrich had anticipated this. He effortlessly caught her ankle before her kick could land. Her foot, still clad in its shoe, stopped just beside his cheekbone.\par
\par
Frustration boiled within her, only for her breath to suddenly catch in her throat.\par
\par
His gaze bore into her.\par
\par
His pale blue-gray eyes gleamed, glossy and dark, like glass doused in water. The look he gave her was that of a mischievous delinquent with a particularly wicked thought.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Disobedient legs\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich adjusted his grip on her ankle, making Lisbell thrash, desperately trying to pull away.\par
\par
But he was faster.\par
\par
Like a thick, merciless tide, his chilling eyes shone with predatory hunger.\par
\par
The grip on her ankle tightened. Not just to a threatening degree\emdash but to the point of sheer terror. The sensation sent chills down her spine, and a faint, incoherent sound escaped Lisbell\rquote s lips.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s better if you can\rquote t use it.\rdblquote\par
\par
Crack. Snap.\par
\par
Something twisted out of place.\par
\par
Before the sound even registered, the pain did.\par
\par
Agonizing, overwhelming pain flooded her senses.\par
\par
\ldblquote Aaagh!\rdblquote\par
\par
A wretched scream ripped through the air, echoing across the chapel\rquote s walls. Tears burst forth instantly, and her vision wavered. She couldn\rquote t even close her mouth; her entire body shook uncontrollably.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hah\'85 haah, agh, aah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s struggling grew more violent, verging on convulsions. Her vision spun and distorted, the sheer intensity of the pain clouding her consciousness. It was unlike anything she had ever experienced.\par
\par
By the time he finally let go with a touch sickeningly gentle, she collapsed onto the floor, writhing in agony.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85 haah, ahh\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Her sobs spilled out in ragged gasps, overtaking even her breath.\par
\par
She couldn\rquote t tell what had happened to her ankle. She wanted to look, but the very thought terrified her. If she lifted her skirt and saw the damage\emdash if it was so ruined it could never function again\emdash she might break completely. But the pain alone already told her it was that severe.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 Why\'85.\f1\rquote\par
\par
Curled up, gasping through the shock, Lisbell stared blankly into the void.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 Why is this still happening\'85?\f1\rquote\par
\par
She had believed it was over.\par
\par
She had thought, with certainty, that it had ended.\par
\par
She had convinced herself that he had finally faced reality and put an end to his wretched whims.\par
\par
What was the sky like that day?\par
\par
The moment she had felt truly severed from him, the weather had been perfectly clear. The breeze had been light and crisp, brushing against her nose and filling her lungs with a fresh, gentle warmth.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hic\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
That was the first time she had realized how peaceful an ordinary day could feel.\par
\par
She had never fully appreciated how precious normalcy was\emdash how happy it was to bask in the sunlight when she wished, to feel the wind when she desired. She had taken those things for granted, only to have them ripped away.\par
\par
And just as she fully grasped that the peace she had believed was within reach had now become an unattainable dream\emdash something inside her snapped.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Why me\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Why, hic, why\'85 why\'85! Why does it have to be me?!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote There must be plenty of women looking for you! I\rquote m not the only one\emdash\f0 there are dozens, hundreds alone who would line up for you! You could have any one of them! So why\'85 why this fickle obsession, why\'85 why does it have to ruin me? Why won\f1\rquote\f0 t you leave me alone? What the hell did I do to deserve this? What crime did I commit to suffer like this\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
In a one-sided relationship like this, seeking justice was meaningless.\par
\par
Because it was, by its nature, utterly one-sided.\par
\par
There was no right answer.\par
\par
A relationship dictated by someone\rquote s capricious whims\emdash a standard as fleeting and unstable as idle curiosity\emdash was nothing but a vicious cycle of destruction.\par
\par
And the most terrifying part was the creeping realization that she might be the only one rotting away in this endless spiral.\par
\par
That thought settled deep in her gut like a heavy stone, filling her with a stark, paralyzing fear. At times, she felt a surge of injustice, only to be swallowed by sheer terror. Anger burned through her, bitter and helpless, as if her very flesh were being torn away.\par
\par
She sobbed uncontrollably, her gasping cries breaking apart into choked breaths\emdash until suddenly, a hand reached out and cupped her cheek.\par
\par
Her body jerked violently, as if her very heart had been seized.\par
\par
\ldblquote If that\rquote s what you wanted, you shouldn\rquote t have looked at me like that in the first place.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t have looked at me with those eyes.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Wh\'85 what\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I think I might be in love with you.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s why I came to find you.\rdblquote\par
\par
Each word fell with quiet precision, clipped and steady. And at the end of his sentence, Ulrich smiled\emdash like a sunflower turning toward the sun.\par
\par
Radiant.\par
\par
Overwhelmingly bright.\par
\par
And beneath that light, Lisbell felt, with suffocating certainty, that she had truly been abandoned by God.\par
\par
 If the pain creeping up from her ankle had been even slightly weaker, she might have let out a hollow laugh, unable to resist the numb shock spreading through her entire body.\par
\par
How was this any different from the ridiculous premise she had once scoffed at in her mind\emdash the one she had declared to her fianc\f0\'e9, Theodore?\par
\par
\lquote I must leave him because I love him.\rquote\par
\par
It was an utterly incomprehensible notion.\par
\par
And because she couldn\rquote t understand it, everything about it felt grotesque.\par
\par
\ldblquote Love\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
She had once spoken that word to this man\rquote s face. But never in this way.\par
\par
Back then\'85 it was because he had felt less like a person and more like a slab of ice, something no human warmth could ever melt. Overwhelmed by his cruelty, the word had escaped her lips in a desperate breath.\par
\par
And what had Ulrich\rquote s reaction been?\par
\par
He had laughed at her for even mentioning love, as if spitting on the very idea. Then he had forced her onto the table, lifting her skirts with absolute ease, as if crushing her dignity was no more than a passing amusement.\par
\par
And yet now, that same man spoke of love.\par
\par
Claimed to love her.\par
\par
At some point, Lisbell\rquote s tears had stopped falling. She gazed up at him, utterly hollow, as if someone had reached inside her and stolen her soul.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
Her throat was tight, but she couldn\rquote t even swallow. It felt like staring into something beyond the limits of human comprehension.\par
\par
\ldblquote Do you even\'85 remember what you just did to me\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Hm?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote My ankle\'85 just now\'85 y-you\'85 you broke it\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
Love?\par
\par
He called this love?\par
\par
Was what he understood as love something entirely different from what she knew?\par
\par
The love Lisbell knew was like the first snowfall of winter\f1\emdash pure, clear, and white.\par
\par
But what he spoke of was something else entirely.\par
\par
His was suffocating, an all-consuming blackness with no exit, no escape.\par
\par
White and black. Opposites so extreme that calling them the same was laughable. Suspicion surged inside her, choking her. As she struggled to form the words, Ulrich merely tilted his head with innocent curiosity, then hummed as if in thought.\par
\par
\ldblquote Well, you brought this on yourself.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote I thought you were asking me to break it completely.\rdblquote\par
\par
His voice was so smooth, so effortlessly deceitful, that anyone listening without context might actually believe her to be at fault.\par
\par
Unfortunately for him, Lisbell was not someone so easily fooled. But all she could do was gulp down her horror and stare at him in mute disbelief.\par
\par
No matter how many times she tried to wrap her head around it, the result remained the same. She couldn\rquote t understand. Her mind moved too slowly, her thoughts lagging behind. All she could do was curl in on herself, desperately trying to retreat from his shadow.\par
\par
Something moved toward her, blurring in her unsteady vision.\par
\par
Before she could flinch, Ulrich\rquote s finger traced down her pale cheek.\par
\par
Wiping away her pitiful tear stains, he glanced at his damp fingertip\emdash then brought it to his lips and licked it.\par
\par
And smiled.\par
\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go back to Lekem together.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll make you a beautiful bride of spring.\rdblquote\par
\par
\f0\'85A bride?\f1\par
\par
A spring bride.\par
\par
No.\par
\par
No, that wasn\rquote t right.\par
\par
She had once dreamt of being a bride\emdash but in late summer, not spring.\par
\par
And that dream had long since vanished, evaporating into nothing before she could even grasp it.\par
\par
Lisbell no longer wished for such things.\par
\par
That was why she didn\rquote t immediately realize what was happening\emdash that this man, who called his twisted emotions love, was now uttering words akin to a proposal.\par
\par
A bride.\par
\par
His bride.\par
\par
The bride of this man with those pretty, sickening eyes.\par
\par
Her head felt like it was about to split open. Or perhaps it was her insides being twisted and wrung dry. The sheer, violent revulsion hit her both physically and emotionally.\par
\par
She had to get away.\par
\par
Right now.\par
\par
With every ounce of strength she could muster, Lisbell forced herself upright, inching backward toward the display case lined with shining candlesticks.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 No\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She crawled backward on her hands, but even that was difficult.\par
\par
Any slight movement sent unbearable pain lancing through her ankle, as if her very bones were being shredded apart. Cold sweat drenched her forehead, her back\emdash every inch of her body.\par
\par
And yet, she moved.\par
\par
Because if she didn\rquote t\emdash if she stopped\emdash she wouldn\rquote t be able to endure it.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 No\'85 No, no. I don\f1\rquote\f0 t want this\'85 I hate it\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
What had started as a feeble shake of her head escalated into a near-hysterical rejection. She was shaking so hard that she was on the verge of screaming.\par
\par
Then, a hand seized her hair.\par
\par
Her head was yanked back by an overwhelming force, and piercingly cold blue eyes bore down on her.\par
\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Why do you hate it?\rdblquote\par
\par
His voice held genuine confusion.\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand. Shouldn\rquote t you be happy, Lisbell? I\rquote m no longer treating you as a mistress\emdash I\rquote m making you my lawful wife.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 And just think, how many women in Lorant dream of marrying me? You won. You should be celebrating\'85 shouldn\f1\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\par
The sheer arrogance in his voice was suffocating, a twisted self-righteousness that dripped with malice. It was as if he truly expected her to weep with joy, overwhelmed by his supposed generosity.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Celebrate\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote\f0 ve tormented me, humiliated me, crushed me\'85 You even did this to my leg, a-and now you\'85 y-you call this love? And now you expect me to\f1\emdash ?!\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I told you already, you brought this upon yourself.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote And besides, is it really such a big deal? It\rquote s not like I severed a nerve and left you crippled. Just rest for a few days, and you\rquote ll be fine.\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich smirked, his gaze laced with condescension. The sheer transparency of his malice sent a chill through her bones. He spoke as if his actions could never be considered cruel, as if he truly believed he was in the right.\par
\par
\ldblquote Or wait\emdash\rdblquote\par
\par
His grip on her hair tightened.\par
\par
Her scalp burned as if her skin was being ripped away, her face twisting in agony. Fresh tears spilled down her cheeks.\par
\par
\ldblquote Are you still hung up on Theodore?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote My, my. I didn\rquote\f0 t take you for someone so\'85 pathetic, Lisbell.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
He laughed coldly.\par
\par
Even hearing Theodore\rquote s name come from his lips felt like an unforgivable sin.\par
\par
Because of this man, she had lost Theodore\emdash her love, her future, everything.\par
\par
Perhaps this was an even greater insult than the twisted love Ulrich had tried to claim just moments ago.\par
\par
Lisbell glared at him with seething hatred.\par
\par
Ulrich only smirked, as if something amusing had crossed his mind.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Come to think of it\'85 how was your little reunion with your ex-fiance?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s hands clenched involuntarily.\par
\par
Ulrich finally released her hair, instead brushing his fingers over the back of her head in a disturbingly gentle gesture. Lowering himself to meet her gaze, he studied her reaction with quiet amusement.\par
\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s still the same. Ever the responsible man.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Almost\'85 painfully so.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
His words weren\rquote t idle chatter.\par
\par
There was a deliberate weight behind them, a veiled meaning that sent alarm bells ringing in Lisbell\rquote s mind.\par
\par
Not just his words\emdash the timing, the phrasing, the way he spoke of responsibility and pity\emdash it was all too deliberate.\par
\par
\f0 And the way he spoke about Theodore\'85 as if he knew him better than she did.\f1\par
\par
A terrible realization clawed at her mind.\par
\par
Memories of her visit flooded back, scenes flashing through her head like scattered puzzle pieces.\par
\par
She had gone there to see Theodore.\par
\par
And what had she found?\par
\par
A woman at his side. A woman whose stomach was softly rounded. A woman who did not bother hiding her disdain toward Lisbell.\par
\par
Jane.\par
\par
There was no proof.\par
\par
But instinct took over.\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s trembling fingers shot forward, clutching the fabric of Ulrich\rquote s coat.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What\'85 did you do?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote What did you do to Theodore?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Tell me. Tell me right now!\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, you keep saying such unpleasant things. \lquote Did\rquote  something to him?\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich effortlessly pried her fingers off his coat, leisurely intertwining his own hands before bringing them to his lips.\par
\par
Then, with mocking gentleness, he pressed a kiss to her bloodless, trembling knuckles.\par
\par
\ldblquote All I did was ensure that Motier could settle down with someone new.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Since I took his future wife away, well\'85 consider it my way of making amends.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s lips parted in shock.\par
\par
Her frozen eyes took in every inch of his face, her mind reeling.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Are you saying\'85 you sent Jane?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Jane?\rdblquote\par
\par
He rolled the name around his mouth, as if it was unfamiliar. Then, with a brief chuckle, he mused,\par
\par
\ldblquote Ah. She must have changed her name.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Actors do that sometimes, you know. They\rquote re so used to playing different roles that they change their names to fit the situation. When we signed the contract, she was Solah Hines.\rdblquote\line\line\line Ah, now she finally understood the vague sense of deja vu she felt when facing Jane. It was the same shadow she had occasionally encountered from Julian Scott during her time at the Althahart estate. That inexplicable, shell-like feeling, the sense that something was artificially crafted, had been emanating from Jane.\par
\par
\f0 In other words, Jane was really\'85\f1\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Why?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s stiffened lips trembled with effort. Ulrich, who had been gently biting her fingertips without causing her pain, softly lifted her eyelids, making her gaze meet his.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Why\'85 are you doing this?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\f0 Why are you\'85 really doing this?\f1\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Why\'85 what does Theo have to do with you\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
His brows twitched.\par
\par
Even though she was consumed with anger, there was still a part of her that felt she needed to lash out at his shameless face. Her chest burned with so much heat that her eyes were aching.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What did Theo ever do to you\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What kind of crime did he commit to deserve this\'85 Why, why\'85! Why?!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Tears poured out uncontrollably. It was a storm of sorrow. If her ankle had hurt so much earlier, now her heart ached so badly that it felt like it might break. Perhaps, this single blow was worse than any suffering she had endured so far.\par
\par
She had worked so hard to keep this misfortune, which she had unknowingly swallowed, from spreading to Theodore. She had endured parting from him, hurting him, and even becoming nothing more than Ulrich\rquote s plaything, all to protect him. Despite all that effort, why did this outcome have to be inevitable?\par
\par
\f0 Why\'85\f1\par
\par
Theodore, whom she had met again, at least seemed happier now than when he had been dragging out the broken engagement.\par
\par
Jane, the woman who had used a false name to approach him, seemed to feel a deep responsibility for him, and she would now work with him to build the stable future they had both dreamed of.\par
\par
And Ulrich Althahart, that b*stard, had employed this woman to manipulate him.\par
\par
Wasn\rquote t that a sign that she had ruined Theodore\rquote s life, becoming part of the destruction herself?\par
\par
No matter how beautiful the relationship might seem, if beneath it all, Jane Hines was only pretending to love Theodore, it was nothing but a lie. It was most likely a contract motivated by money, and in the end, Theodore\rquote s entire life was being toyed with.\par
\par
Despite deciding to leave him, despite betting everything on it, Theodore\rquote s life had already become tainted. The fact that she, Lisbell, could never be involved with anyone else felt like a curse, and it was impossible to deny that she had become such a horrible person. She couldn\rquote t hide the internal wounds that seemed to be festering deep within her.\par
\par
The bottled-up resentment was now directed squarely at the true culprit.\par
\par
Lisbell cried out like a young beast, pushing and hitting at Ulrich\rquote s chest and face with all her might. But her ankle was too painful, and with tears welling up faster than her anger, she collapsed exhausted, her strength drained.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
A scream burst from her lips.\par
\par
The pain in her ankle suddenly intensified, and Ulrich\rquote s hand clamped down on the area, as if to force her to feel it.\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s body, leaning against the display case, slid downward. Ulrich grabbed her messy hair and pulled it sharply back. Shards of rainbow-colored stained glass fell wildly, scraping her retina painfully. She winced instinctively.\par
\par
The voice that followed was soft but, strangely enough, sharp.\par
\par
\ldblquote When I confessed, you didn\rquote t shed a single tear.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re reacting way too strongly to this, don\rquote t you think?\rdblquote\par
\par
It was almost as if\emdash although this was an unsettling thought\emdash she was acting jealously. As she muttered in response, Lisbell froze, her breath caught. She had unknowingly grabbed the candleholder that had rolled away earlier. Without thinking, she swung it at the side of Ulrich\rquote s head. The sound of impact was sharp and strong. The sudden blow caused Ulrich\rquote s grip to loosen.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Huff, hhh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell crawled desperately to escape his hold.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ha\'85! Ack! Ugh\'85! Hhh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
But it was no use. Her ankle was caught, and she was dragged back. The pain from the already broken area felt like it was being torn apart again, and Lisbell lay there, her dazed eyes blinking open.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ha\'85 Looks like you\f1\rquote ve really turned into a cat while I wasn\rquote t looking. You\rquote\f0 re scratching like crazy\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich, now on top of her, restraining her with his weight, muttered irritably. Blood trickled down his ear, and as she noticed, the smell of iron-filled blood seemed to hit her all at once.\par
\par
\ldblquote Not sure what I should do to make you calm down. Should I find some shackles?\rdblquote\par
\par
Even though there was no satisfaction in the physical result, Ulrich seemed completely unaffected. His tone was still that of a gentleman, and he even made it look like he was leisurely searching for non-existent shackles.\par
\par
A large hand gently covered Lisbell\rquote s eyes. Instinctively, she twisted her body, resisting, but Ulrich clicked his tongue in disapproval.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ahh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The hand that had urged her into the darkness released, only to be replaced by his tight grip on her hair, pulling it so hard she thought it might tear. Her tears overflowed, too much for her to shake it off.\par
\par
Finally, when she managed to unwrinkle her brow, she found Ulrich\rquote s icy blue eyes fixed on the nape of her neck. The harsh, biting gaze sent a chill down her spine.\par
\par
Soon after, he grinned, and from his charming smile, a terrifying energy seemed to emanate. It reminded her of the moment when he had grabbed her ankle earlier. An unsettling, indescribable unease swelled up in her chest.\par
\par
The soft sound of fragile glass breaking rang out. A faint, flickering light passed by in the direction of the search. It vanished from the retina, and only then did Lisbell realize it was the flame of a candle burning in the shape of a long teardrop.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What is it\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Heh, ugh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s so inferior about me compared to Theodore?\rdblquote\par
\par
The elegant flame tilted, shaped as smoothly as her own figure. Completely absorbed in the heat of the flame, she didn\rquote t even notice the slight oddity in the angle of the object. It was only when\emdash\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ugh! Hah!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
A hot sensation rose from her neck. The melted wax dripped and stuck to her skin, causing a mild burn. Even without seeing it, the scar would have been horrific, and once again, she couldn\rquote t touch that spot.\par
\par
Her delicate body, pinned beneath his solid frame, struggled violently as if fighting against an illness.\par
\par
What was he doing? Even as Lisbell thrashed wildly, Ulrich easily restrained her, continuing to drop hot wax. Plop Plop. The candle wax, melting with a sizzling sound, fell in long teardrop shapes onto her neck.\par
\par
The movements filled with resistance slowly died down. Her vision blurred, multiple images stacking before merging into one. It was almost too much\emdash her face first went pale and then turned blue. Cold sweat ran down her temples like tears.\par
\par
A sharp cough escaped from her mouth as her voice cracked from the strain. Her throat felt like it was turned inside out, and it felt as though her lungs had flipped. After a while, no sound came out at all.\par
\par
On the brink of losing consciousness, Lisbell scratched the floor with her nails. Her hand trembled uncontrollably for a long while, and finally, Ulrich casually tossed the candle aside.\par
\par
\ldblquote Does it hurt?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Then why would you make me feel this disappointed\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She couldn\rquote t tell anymore. Could such a bitter, pitiful voice really be feigned?\par
\par
There were only two possibilities. Either she no longer had the strength to distinguish between them, or the man had such deeply sincere emotions she couldn\rquote\f0 t relate to or understand\'85\f1\par
\par
As Ulrich\rquote s hand, now empty of the candle, moved up toward her neck, Lisbell instinctively tensed her waist. She squirmed as if trying to hide from the encroaching darkness, but Ulrich easily stopped her and began peeling the hardened wax off her skin, one by one. He then adjusted her posture to ensure he could see her clearly.\par
\par
His loose and warm breath brushed over her collarbone.\par
\par
\ldblquote It looks like it\rquote\f0 ll leave a mark\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
As he said this, Ulrich grinned in a seductively soft tone.\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s fine, it\rquote ll look beautiful.\rdblquote\par
\par
Ah, only then did Lisbell understand what he intended.\par
\par
If she had even a bit of strength left to strike, she would have scratched at her throat until her skin necrotized, severing her nerve endings and shattering her bones with her nails, tearing away the suffocating sensations.\par
\par
The inability to do so was tragic.\par
\par
It was truly an endless tragedy.\line\line\line With vacant, rolling eyes, she took in the cross of the church.\par
\par
It felt entirely different from when she had observed it while seated. Back then, she had been overwhelmed by an aura of mystery, often lost in reverence. But now, seeing it up close, it seemed nothing more than a simple structure, making her former reverence feel foolish.\par
\par
If God was truly there, was He watching this unfold?\par
\par
And if so, was He merely standing by, refusing to intervene?\par
\par
The glimmer of light she had once felt in the tavern by the harbor was fading. The moment she had been certain that divine hands had graced her and granted salvation\emdash one by one, those fragments were shattering into pieces.\par
\par
So this was how a soul crumbled so hopelessly.\par
\par
He said something, but she barely heard him. He was speaking of rituals, marriage\emdash something along those lines\emdash but it felt as if he were speaking in an unfamiliar tongue, the words slipping through her mind like mist.\par
\par
Lisbell merely blinked vacantly. Even as tears blurred her vision repeatedly, she kept staring at the cross-shaped structure before her.\par
\par
Before long, even the cross faded from view. In its place, the face of a man filled her sight. He had been speaking but now furrowed his brows, perhaps realizing he had been talking to himself all along.\par
\par
But it was only for a moment. As if it did not bother him in the slightest, he merely chuckled and leaned down to press his lips against hers. Her lips must have been chapped and broken in every possible way, yet he kissed her without hesitation, as if his tolerance for disgust was boundless.\par
\par
As her lower lip became soaked with his saliva, Lisbell remained dazed.\par
\par
This man had now blocked her view of God.\par
\par
Was that why God could no longer see her?\par
\par
Even in the very end, she did not want to admit that she had been abandoned by the divine. If she did, she felt she would truly be swallowed into an inescapable abyss.\par
\par
\f0 Perhaps\'85 she already had both feet submerged, sinking into its suffocating depths.\f1\par
\par
\par
\par
She could only tell that she had been asleep for a long time.\par
\par
The lingering echoes in her faint memories carried different scents. During one moment of consciousness, she detected the sharp scent of medicine. In another, the salty air of the sea. And in yet another, the thick, suffocating stench of smoke.\par
\par
As if she had traveled far, led only by these unrelated scents. The realization struck her only after she was fully awake.\par
\par
The insides of her eyelids, which had been shut for so long, felt parched, as though all moisture had been sucked dry. Even with her blurred vision, she instantly recognized where she was.\par
\par
Because this was the worst place she could possibly be.\par
\par
The familiar wallpaper and framed pictures, the placement of the table, the precise dimensions of the window frames\emdash every detail was seared into her memory, whether she liked it or not. Everything screamed that she had returned to a living hell.\par
\par
Lisbell scrambled to rise, thrashing her limbs.\par
\par
\ldblquote Ahh\emdash !\rdblquote\par
\par
Her frail limbs missed the edge of the bed, and she tumbled to the floor. As she tried to put weight on her ankle, a searing pain shot through her, and a sharp cry tore from her throat.\par
\par
Her panicked gaze dropped to her right ankle. It was wrapped in layers of bandages, so thick they made it look nearly twice its original size.\par
\par
Belatedly, she noticed a similar discomfort around her throat. Her fingers trembled as they traced over the wounds. Bruises and injuries covered her body from top to bottom.\par
\par
She couldn\rquote t believe it.\par
\par
This wasn\rquote t a nightmare.\par
\par
It wasn\rquote t some twisted, fleeting vision.\par
\par
Lisbell tried over and over to rise, desperate to flee this room. But her limbs felt unbearably heavy, and her injured foot refused to cooperate. She couldn\rquote t even stand without grabbing onto something for support.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85 ngh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Just as she gritted her teeth and forced herself upright, her gaze landed on an object she hadn\rquote t noticed before.\par
\par
A chessboard.\par
\par
The very same one she had glimpsed before\emdash inside that eerie, cold room, bathed in a pale blue hue.\par
\par
She knew all chessboards had the same shape, size, and pattern, but the chilling sensation running down her spine whispered otherwise.\par
\par
This was the same one from Sir Philip\rquote s estate.\par
\par
No mistake.\par
\par
She wasn\rquote t imagining things.\par
\par
\f0 And if that was true\'85 then this reality was inescapable.\f1\par
\par
A creeping panic clawed at her throat, pressing down until all she could think was that she needed to get out of here. Now.\par
\par
\ldblquote What are you doing?!\rdblquote\par
\par
A voice, filled with shock, suddenly struck her ears.\par
\par
Lisbell flinched violently, her breath catching as she turned toward the source.\par
\par
She recognized the man entering the room.\par
\par
Victor Loisden.\par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s secretary.\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s pupils trembled.\par
\par
This confirmed it.\par
\par
If he was here, that meant Ulrich was here.\par
\par
\f0 Which meant\'85 she was back.\f1\par
\par
Back in the detestable Altahart mansion.\par
\par
Victor hurried toward her, his voice edged with concern. \ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t be moving yet! Your right ankle, and your throat\emdash\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Let go of me!\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell violently shoved away the hands trying to support her. Victor paused, momentarily startled by her forceful resistance. She clutched the shoulder he had touched and collapsed back onto the floor.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Why\'85 why am I here?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85You\f1\rquote ve been moving around for so long. Now that you\rquote ve finally arrived, you need to rest.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 This mansion\'85 the Laurent\f1\rquote s estate?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\par
\par
Victor, who gave a solemn confirmation, gave up on trying to lift her back onto the bed and instead placed the tray in his hands onto the side table. Lisbell, staring at the door he had entered through, suddenly spoke as if possessed.\par
\par
\ldblquote Let me meet with the madam.\rdblquote\par
\par
Victor, who had been turning the empty cup and medicine to a more visible position, turned to look at her. Lisbell was too busy hastily spilling out her words.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\emdash I made a mistake last time, but I had no choice. I didn\rquote t have enough reason to trust and follow her back then. So if she was deeply offended by what happened before, I can apologize. If she wants me to kneel, I\rquote\f0 ll do it willingly. Just please, call her here. Let me meet with her. Or at least relay my words to her\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85What do you intend to do by meeting her?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Victor\rquote s sudden question barely left his lips before he grabbed his forehead with a sigh.\par
\par
\ldblquote No, don\rquote t answer that. I didn\rquote t ask because I was genuinely curious.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What I mean is\'85 It won\f1\rquote t change anything.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell, who had been fixated on the door as if it were her only goal, slowly turned her head toward him. Her bloodshot eyes, ringed with a faint, watery haze, must have been difficult to meet, as Victor averted his gaze this time.\par
\par
\ldblquote Ms. Osborne, I don\rquote t know what you\rquote\f0 re planning, but if something like this happens again\'85 Honestly, I can\f1\rquote t guarantee what will happen then. This time, it ended like this, but next time, you might get hurt even worse.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 You should know his nature by now\'85 Once he sets his mind on something, he never backs down.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
As she listened to his words, which were somewhere between persuasion and protest, the moisture in Lisbell\rquote s eyes gradually dried up. Her now dull, murky gaze reflected the cold stillness overtaking her mind.\par
\par
She had a vague idea of why he was saying this.\par
\par
Ever since Ulrich had begun his madness, Victor had been unable to completely hide his discomfort whenever they encountered each other. Though he followed his superior\rquote s orders without question, it was clear he found the situation distasteful.\par
\par
So, this message was likely meant as a warning\emdash to stop making things worse and protect herself.\par
\par
But to Lisbell, who was lying here in this miserable state, it was nothing more than an infuriatingly complacent remark.\par
\par
A warning coming from someone who, unlike her, was free to move as he pleased, unrestrained by any chains. A piece of advice to \ldblquote stay put\rdblquote  from someone who could leave whenever he wanted\emdash no matter how well-intentioned, it was impossible for her to accept without resentment.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll deal with the consequences. Your moral dilemmas aren\rquote t my concern. If you\rquote re worried about your status or position, you can blame it all on me. Say that I was stubborn, that I threw a tantrum. Just\emdash\f0 please, let me see her\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s what I\rquote m trying to tell you. It\rquote s pointless. The young master convened the last quarterly board meeting and officially removed the madam. He is now the undisputed head of the family.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s eyes widened in disbelief.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85What?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote He is no longer just the young master\emdash he is now the master of this household. The madam no longer has the power to stop him.\rdblquote\par
\par
Only now did she realize\emdash Victor\rquote s quiet, careful words weren\rquote t mere persuasion. They were a warning.\par
\par
A warning to abandon her foolish hopes, because no matter what she did, nothing would change.\line\line\line\ldblquote\f0 Still\'85 still.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Still, there must be some way\'85 there must be\'85 there has to be\'85 there must be, right? Otherwise, what am I supposed to do? Do I really have to become that man\f1\rquote s bride? To hold a wedding I don\rquote t even mean and live my life trapped here?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 There must be something\'85 a way, somehow, right? There has to be\'85 there must be\'85 or else, what will happen to me? What will I do\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell desperately crawled and clutched his pant leg.\par
\par
\ldblquote Th-the monastery. That\rquote\f0 s right. I\'85 I officially joined the monastery. I made a vow and registered there! So, what you\f1\rquote\f0 re doing\'85 this is kidnapping! It\f1\rquote\f0 s an unjust act! If the monastery finds out, they will take immediate action\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote You left the monastery several days back. By now, you\rquote ve likely been classified as someone who committed a serious crime and disappeared, probably even formally expelled. Even if that\rquote s not the case, I\rquote m sure the young master has already taken care of it.\rdblquote\par
\par
Victor answered with a sigh, carefully pulling her hand off of him.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve brought the medicine, so don\rquote t forget to take it.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote I hope you recover quickly.\rdblquote\par
\par
With that, he left the room without looking back.\par
\par
Lisbell, who had clung desperately to his pant leg, was now left in the dust, unable to keep up with his pace. Despite her efforts, the door slammed shut, leaving her overwhelmed by a deep sense of failure.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hey! Over here\'85 come back! Just once, come back and talk to me again\'85 Hey\'85 Loisden! Hey!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
This time, she couldn\rquote t stay quiet.\par
\par
How did I escape from here before?\par
\par
How did I get out of here?\par
\par
After being dragged here, wounded beyond recognition, she was now being told not to even try to escape. That was like telling Lisbell to bury herself alive.\par
\par
She desperately wanted to rise, but her body stubbornly refused to cooperate. Lisbell dragged herself to the side table near the door. She grabbed the glass sitting on it and hurled it toward the door.\par
\par
Crash!\par
\par
The glass shattered with a sharp sound, pieces scattering across the floor. Some of the larger shards rolled all the way to her knees. Gasping for breath, her chest heaving, she stared at the door.\par
\par
\ldblquote Why, why isn\rquote\f0 t he coming\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
No matter how much she waited, there was no response. Lisbell\rquote s eyes, filled with resentment, began to soften as she let go of her frustration.\par
\par
\ldblquote Why isn\rquote t he coming? Why, why isn\rquote\f0 t anyone coming? Why\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Someone, anyone, please come.\par
\par
Don\rquote t leave me here alone in this space.\par
\par
\f0 Anyone, please get me out of here right now\'85\f1\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Uhh, uhh\'85 Ahh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Lisbell collapsed to the floor, crying as though she had lost all hope. Pressing her face into the damp carpet, she replayed where things had gone wrong. But she still couldn\rquote t pinpoint what had gone wrong. No matter how much she tried to think back, she couldn\rquote t understand what she had done wrong.\par
\par
One mistake, though, did come to mind.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve now reached a point where even the mistress can no longer stop him.\rdblquote\par
\par
Should she have quietly followed Madam\rquote s wishes back then?\par
\par
Should she have left for Ducas instead of running away?\par
\par
If she had, would she have been at peace by now, without worries?\par
\par
Could she have been free?\par
\par
It was a pointless reflection. No matter how much she thought about it now, the past couldn\rquote t be undone. Just like she couldn\rquote t erase the journey to Marnia to see her mother, the conflict with the mistress remained the same. Knowing this, tears kept flowing from her chest, as if they were pouring from a deep well.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Why! Why, again\'85 why, why, why\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Hoping that it was all a dream, she slammed her forehead against the floor, but nothing changed. The only thing that spread was the painfully real sensation of physical pain. It was clear it wasn\rquote t a dream. Despair, thick as mud, filled her chest, burning away her mind.\par
\par
\f0 Ah, I\'85\f1\par
\par
\f0 Yes, I\'85\f1\par
\par
I am destined to wither and die in this paradise.\par
\par
Forever trapped here.\par
\par
Without anyone ever knowing that fact.\par
\par
I will fade away, and eventually, I will be nothing but a dying ember, giving up on revival, turning to ash.\par
\par
A breath, pushed up from her abdomen, flowed through her parted lips. It was so bleak that she had the impulse to crush it all, to destroy everything.\par
\par
Just like always, she would break alone. After losing her mother, after Theodore\rquote s remaining life was shattered, she too would reach the point where she must abandon herself.\par
\par
\f0 That man, the one who caused all this, would lose nothing at all\'85\f1\par
\par
\lquote\f0\'85Why?\f1\rquote\par
\par
It\rquote s unfair, right?\par
\par
\lquote Why?\rquote\par
\par
Why must it be only me who ends up like this?\par
\par
Her tightly clenched fist trembled for a moment. Raw anger planted a thought in her heart that mirrored the direction she was heading.\par
\par
Lisbell, who had been motionless, as if she were trapped in a tragedy, slowly began to lift her upper body with sluggish, laborious movements. The sunlight illuminated only a sliver of her face, still calm, even with moisture on her eyes, nose, and lips. Her eyes, though focused, seemed unfocused, not knowing where to look, landing instead on the shards of glass scattered by her knees.\par
\par
I don\rquote t want this.\par
\par
I don\rquote t want to die here, withered away.\par
\par
If I\rquote m going to end like this, if I\rquote\f0 m going to refuse to let it end like this\'85\f1\par
\par
Her trembling hand grabbed a piece of glass. As she wrapped her palm tightly around it, the sharp edges of the broken glass scraped her skin, drawing blood. The liquid, dark with pain, dripped onto the transparent shards, turning a cruel shade as it mixed with her tears.\par
\par
Lisbell raised her arm, swinging the shard diagonally. When she slammed it onto the floor, blood burst from her palm in a spurt.\par
\par
But strangely, it didn\rquote t hurt.\par
\par
Once, then again, she swung her arm over and over. With each swing, the shard shattered, unable to withstand the impact with the bare floor.\par
\par
As she opened her palm, the shattered fragments, no longer in their original form, fell to the ground with a soft sound. Her hand was also scratched and bleeding, but the result, though somewhat self-destructive, solidified her resolve like a seed planted deep within her.\par
\par
The best defense is always an offense.\par
\par
\f0 So, in other words, I must strike Ulrich Altahart first\'85\f1\par
\par
Hatred settled into her chest like frost, creeping coldly, filling her. The winter of decay enveloped her. Every corner of her heart became twisted, breaking in ways she could not fix.\par
\par
Something she had long fought to protect seemed to erode alongside it, but it was okay. She was already in tatters. No matter how much more she was broken here, it would no longer matter.\par
\par
Her swollen, bruised face slowly turned away.\par
\par
She saw the mirror adorning the side of the room.\par
\par
Her messy, tangled short hair, her face drained of color, and her eyes\emdash though still clear\emdash appeared as though they had been ravaged, their imperfections unhealed, decaying.\par
\par
It was the gaze of someone resigned to their downfall.\par
\par
\par
\par
The spring sun was gently warming the air.\par
\par
Her bare skin, exposed to the sunlight, felt prickled, as if it had been pierced by countless thorns. Lisbell, lying with her back turned to the bright window, wiggled her left ankle.\par
\par
Clink, clink.\par
\par
The shackles on her barely functional ankle made a stubborn sound as they followed every little movement. She moved her foot like a child playing a game, but there was no playfulness on her face. Her face, devoid of expression, seemed as if someone had drained all its life.\par
\par
Swish, swish, swish.\par
\par
The chain connecting the shackles made a scraping sound as it swished through the air, cutting it like a whip. But it still felt better than when it had been around her neck. Though, truthfully, whether one was better than the other seemed a trivial matter.\par
\par
Perhaps Ulrich had wanted to place it around her neck again, but hadn\rquote t done so, likely because her neck was still healing from the burns.\par
\par
She didn\rquote t know how long she had been neglected after being burned that day, but every now and then, her bandages oozed with fluid. The new skin was regenerating more slowly than expected, and the healing process was taking longer. Even though her palm, which had been badly treated while clutching shards of glass, seemed nearly healed, it was clear the recovery was slower than anticipated.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll make you the beautiful bride of spring.\rdblquote\par
\par
The realization that those sinful words might be delayed was due to these very injuries.\par
\par
At the time, she had thought that as soon as he dragged her to Laurent, she might be led directly into the wedding hall. But the fact that he didn\rquote t seemed to indicate that even he recognized how wretched Lisbell\rquote s appearance had become.\par
\par
Though her swollen ankle might be covered by the wedding dress, the wound on her neck, which was still leaking fluid, would make it impossible to present herself at such a joyous occasion.\par
\par
Wearing a dress that hid her neck on such a bright spring day would surely invite unwanted stares.\par
\par
This delay was Lisbell\rquote s only hope.\line\line\line Swallowing back a groan, Lisbell staggered toward the mirror. Her body was wrapped in bandages from top to bottom, and the one relatively intact foot bore a dark shackle.\par
\par
Perhaps because shock had its own stages, she barely reacted as she looked at her pitiful state with indifferent eyes. She raised a hand to her bandaged throat and, having done this several times already, skillfully unraveled it. The cloth, damp in places with pus and fluid, unwound and fell away.\par
\par
\par
\par
The torn and swollen flesh beneath was festering from within, refusing to heal. It was clear that it would take a long time before the wound even began to close.\par
\par
Lisbell dug her nails into the wound, scratching furiously. There was a reason why even rest and medication did nothing to help her heal. Whenever she was alone in her bedroom, she would touch, prod, and rip at her wounds like someone who had lost their mind. A burning sensation, as if living flames were wrapped around her throat, flared to life.\par
\par
It hurt. It hurt, and it kept on hurting. In this moment, pain was all she could think about.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85 Hngh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Unable to endure the searing agony, she wobbled before collapsing onto the floor.\par
\par
Her trembling hands fumbled for something to hold onto before eventually grasping the fallen bandages. Slowly, with unsteady fingers, she began to rewrap them around her throat.\par
\par
She imagined the moment Ulrich would remove them tonight, his brows knitting together in irritation at the worsening injury. The thought, sharp like a thorny path, brought her the faintest sliver of relief.\par
\par
She didn\rquote t know how long this method would work, but she had no other choice. She had chosen self-destruction. Ulrich, after all, was the type of man who would drag her to the altar even if her throat was in this state.\par
\par
Before that happened, she had to\emdash\par
\par
Clutching the side table for support, she forced herself upright. Like a newborn fawn taking its first steps, Lisbell struggled forward, inching toward the window bathed in the fading afternoon light.\par
\par
She grasped the curtain and gazed through the clear glass. The barren winter branches had begun to regain their vitality, and the brittle, withered grass was now tinged with a fresh green hue. Buds, prepared for their grand display, painted their tips in shades of yellow, pink, violet, and sky blue, ready to bloom at any moment.\par
\par
As those flowers patiently embraced the changing seasons, Lisbell, too, thought\emdash thought, and thought again. She reflected on the hatred that had consumed her ever since she lost the two people she had truly loved, after they were ripped away from her.\par
\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t realize it before, but Lisbell is terrible at acting.\rdblquote\par
\par
At the end of her contemplation, she wanted that confident declaration to turn against him, to rip him apart.\par
\par
Just as he had humiliated her with his deceit, just as he had turned Theodore\rquote s life into nothing more than a cruel stage play, she wanted him trapped in a web of lies, utterly unable to escape.\par
\par
For that, Lisbell planned to begin a quiet performance with him as the sole audience.\par
\par
It couldn\rquote t be too sudden, but it also couldn\rquote t be too late.\par
\par
She would lull Ulrich into complacency and then strike.\par
\par
Before his patience wore thin and he dragged her to the altar by force.\par
\par
In this temporary reprieve, Lisbell resolved to wear a tear-stained smile.\par
\par
With a sharp flick, she pulled the curtains shut and stumbled back to bed, collapsing onto the mattress. She was sure she had closed them properly, yet somewhere, light still leaked through, spilling onto the sheets.\par
\par
Like a spring rainstorm, the sun\rquote s piercing rays poured in.\par
\par
It was so blindingly bright that it made something inside her ache.\par
\par
Curling up, she crawled deeper into the shadows, hiding herself as best she could.\par
\par
\par
\par
She dreamt of misstepping and plunging straight into a blazing inferno.\par
\par
The scorching heat climbing up her throat had seeped into her unconscious.\par
\par
She woke when she felt something cool, like a night breeze, repeatedly stroking her forehead.\par
\par
The moment she struggled to open her eyes, a hand seized her chin.\par
\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t take your painkillers, did you?\rdblquote\par
\par
It seemed Ulrich had just returned to the mansion, still dressed in his outdoor attire. Lisbell only blinked in response.\par
\par
That was all he needed to confirm the answer. Without another word, he slid a hand behind her back and forced her to sit up.\par
\par
It was only when beads of sweat trickled down her temples that she realized a fierce chill had overtaken her body. Her trembling hands clutched at the blanket.\par
\par
\ldblquote You probably skipped your meals, too. Let\rquote s start with that.\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich rose from the bed, likely intending to call for someone.\par
\par
Lisbell, watching his retreating figure, murmured softly.\par
\par
\ldblquote Bring me some alcohol, too.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85What?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
He turned back to her, looking as if he had misheard.\par
\par
Lisbell met his gaze with an unwavering, unreadable expression, pressing her silent request into his mind.\par
\par
After a pause, Ulrich let out a scoff and shook his head in disbelief.\par
\par
\ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t drink on an empty stomach.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It hurts.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s why I just want to drink and fall asleep quickly.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote You might as well take a sleeping pill instead.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want medicine.\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich didn\rquote t bother to hide his curiosity.\par
\par
Ever since he had brought her back from Saint Allante Monastery, she had barely been more than a living corpse. A conversation lasting this long was rare, and it had been even longer since she had insisted on something so stubbornly.\par
\par
And of all things, she was asking for alcohol\emdash something she usually barely touched.\par
\par
So she still had some of that strange defiance left in her. Then again, considering she was asking for liquor, she must be in quite a bit of pain.\par
\par
With a thoughtful hum, Ulrich turned away from the door and instead returned to the bed.\par
\par
Loosening the tie around his neck, he perched on the edge of the mattress, a meaningful smile tugging at his lips.\par
\par
\ldblquote Kiss me.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Then I\rquote ll give it to you.\rdblquote\par
\par
Their dealings had always been like this. Whenever Lisbell asked for something, Ulrich would demand a price\emdash not anything extravagant, but just enough to make her degrade herself in some way. And he relished the humiliation it brought her, as if savoring a fine delicacy.\par
\par
\ldblquote You know how this works, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\par
He stuck out his tongue slightly, gesturing toward it with his finger.\par
\par
\ldblquote I only count it as a kiss if you use your tongue.\rdblquote\par
\par
He had made such proposals before, but back then, Lisbell\rquote s mother had been held hostage. Now, after an entire season had passed and she had lost everything, she had fallen completely into his grasp.\par
\par
Given what he knew of her nature, she wouldn\rquote t comply easily.\par
\par
His anticipation made the side of his head throb\emdash the very spot where she had struck him with a candlestick before. The wound had been stitched up immediately and had since healed without a trace, yet for some reason, it still felt tight and sensitive.\par
\par
How would she react?\par
\par
Would she twist her expression like a crumpled piece of paper? Turn her head away in utter disgust? Or maybe she\rquote d clench her fists and charge at him, swinging in futile rage?\par
\par
Just imagining the possibilities delighted him. The laughter that bubbled up from within was dry yet genuine\emdash proof that he was finally starting to feel the reality of her return.\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s gaze was calm.\par
\par
In the past, she had been unable to hide her revulsion, her irises trembling violently around her pupils. But now, she looked as hollow as the ruins left after a storm had passed. Too still\emdash like the eyes of someone already dead.\par
\par
Then, she placed a hand on the blanket and crawled forward on the bed.\par
\par
Was she going to slap him? Shove him away?\par
\par
He held his ground, not bothering to move.\par
\par
He had a firm hunch that whatever happened next, it wouldn\rquote t be what he wanted.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Which was why, when she leaned in and kissed him without hesitation, Ulrich was genuinely taken aback.\par
\par
For the first time in his life, something had slipped past his expectations. His senses stood on edge, his perception sharpening as if to make up for the surprise.\par
\par
His widened steel-blue irises betrayed his shaken composure.\par
\par
Whenever they shared physical contact, it was usually Ulrich who initiated. But this time, with him frozen in place, their lips simply pressed together, unmoving.\par
\par
What shocked him even more came next.\par
\par
Lisbell tilted her head slightly, parting her lips.\par
\par
At that moment, his tongue lashed out instinctively, invading her mouth without hesitation.\par
\par
 A sticky sound was heard. Ulrich stirred deeply within, as if he couldn\rquote t breathe without taking from her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Although he had kissed her occasionally while safely bringing her under the influence of sleeping pills, it was definitely different from when she was conscious.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The tingling sensation from the friction of their tongues, and the act of touching those now-familiar sensitive spots that drew out sweet moans, naturally led to a sensation so intense it was almost intoxicating. The tingling joy that spread from the friction of their tongues reached the tips of his hands and feet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Hearing the slightly suppressed moan, Ulrich bit down hard on Lisbell\rquote s lower lip. The pressure released a burst of fluid, like squeezing juice. Her mouth, which had been craving alcohol, overflowed with saliva.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without pausing to catch his breath, Ulrich alternately sucked her upper and lower lips. Every time he circled the roof of her mouth with his tongue, her small mouth twitched and trembled. The tight contraction squeezed his tongue as it was enveloped within. In an instant, he felt an aching heaviness in his lower body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His pen!s, trapped in his pants, throbbed with impatience to be released. Feeling the heavy weight in his groin, he pulled Lisbell\rquote s waist close and lifted her into the air. The change in height broke the connection between their lips, which had been sharing breaths.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich licked the remnants of her saliva from his lips and whispered with a sigh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Isn\rquote t this the first time?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote That you\rquote ve kissed me first.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He had expected her to be difficult, so it was unexpected that things had ended this way, but he didn\rquote t feel bad about it. In fact, the gentle warmth that spread within him was so clear that it made the corners of his mouth lift.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was ridiculous. Such a simple act made him feel like his heart, not his head, had been struck.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\lquote\f0 It feels like a first kiss\'85\f1\rquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The more he thought about it, the more it felt that way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Before, it was obvious when she was forced, but today, it wasn\rquote t particularly noticeable. He thought he should find out why she suddenly became so compliant, but before that, the primal lust that made the veins in his pen!s swell took precedence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell let out a faint moan. It was the moment when her body, which had been lifted high in the air, was laid back on the bed. However, the moan was swallowed before it could properly escape, as Ulrich immediately followed her and devoured her lips again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her upper lip was sucked with a force that felt like it would tear. His tongue rudely invaded, tickling her even teeth with its rough taste buds. Their lips met again, sticking together tenderly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hngh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The thin fabric of her slip, which barely concealed her skin, was lifted. As Ulrich continued to kiss her, nibbling and holding her, he gradually moved down. When his platinum hair brushed her neck, he immediately sucked on her nipple.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Ah!\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell arched her back, letting out a nasal sound. Her ashen hair, uneven in length, spread evenly across the sheets. Had Ulrich seen it, he might have been tempted to gather it in his mouth and chew on it, but unfortunately, at that moment, his attention was entirely absorbed by her barely visible nipples under the slip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Despite her flat and modest chest, the small nub was endearingly firm. It was a pleasure to roll it with his tongue and graze it with his teeth until it was slick with saliva.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh, hm\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She let out a suppressed moan. In the bedroom, where the air was dry and chilly, the signs of life finally began to mix in.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich bit down on the slip covering her belly and pulled it up to her neck. Although not overly ample, her bre\f0\lang1033 a\f1\lang9 sts had a distinct volume that could properly arouse a man\rquote s lust. They were now exposed to his gaze.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her coral-colored nipples were temptingly erect, inviting attention. Ulrich pressed down on them with his hand, rubbing the slightly indented center.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After a moment, he bent down and took the hardened nipple into his mouth, sucking and rolling it while his hand moved downward. His middle finger, slightly bent at the tip, parted the sparse pubic hair and pressed deeply into the tender entrance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hmm.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Their breaths escaped simultaneously, one urgent and the other hesitant. Ulrich pushed his fingers into the dry, stiff flesh and twisted them around. No matter how much he sucked and bit her nipple, there was little change, so he eventually lowered his position.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s legs were lifted high into the air.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her right ankle, which had become accustomed to being in a cast due to a complete fracture, and the shackle that clinked with a discordant noise every time it moved, emphasizing its isolation, filled his view. In that state, he forcefully sucked below.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ugh, ugh\'85 hm.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s tongue, which had been licking around her entrance, traced the fissure inside her groin before slowly entering. He moved his tongue in and out as if he were thrusting his pen!s. The sensation of the soft flesh slipping and sliding inside was intensely peculiar.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Every time his tongue brushed the tender parts of the inner walls, it felt like it touched a sensitive spot, making her legs twitch. The chains clattered and swayed with each movement. The sound, like something being thinly sliced, brought a sharp chill to her chest.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He adjusted his grip on Lisbell\rquote s ankles. As her legs closed tightly, her labia also plumply closed together. Ulrich buried his nose in between, believing that sweet nectar flowed within. The sound of him greedily slurping echoed loudly in their ears.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The foreplay wasn\rquote t long. As he buried his face between her legs, fully intent on devouring her, Ulrich quickly unbuttoned his shirt. Like the violent rhythm of a beast, he shrugged off his shirt roughly, his hand naturally falling to his belt buckle.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His pen!s, clean and unblemished, was pulled out. When he stroked it, the pre-cum beading on the head grew thicker. The clear, viscous liquid ran down the side of the \f0\lang1033 cock\f1\lang9 .\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was a clear sign that he wanted to plunge inside her and rub against her until he was fully spent. The smooth, hairless organ soon glistened with a slippery sheen.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Aah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He forcefully spread Lisbell\rquote s thighs wide and pressed his flushed, red pen!s head against her twitching entrance. The blunt tip was slightly strained as it pushed into the tight flesh.\par
\par
 \par
\par
With a quick thrust of his hips, the shaft sank in halfway. A breath, whose origin was unclear, escaped into the air.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s so tight.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hngh, ugh\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Relax a little. Hah, it feels like it\rquote s going to snap.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hngh\'85 ah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He briefly uttered a sharp word and knelt up. The direction of his buried pen!s changed, and the rounded tip scratched at a strange spot inside. The sensation of being deeply squeezed made Ulrich let out a sharp breath.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Should I c*m once? It might be better to wet it a bit first.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Finding it too tight, he gently grasped the \f0\lang1033 penis\f1\lang9  half-buried in the dry flesh, stroking it as if to masturbate. He even cupped his densely packed testicles in his palm, squeezing them to encourage ejaculation.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell lowered her eyes deeply. Ulrich, gazing down at her face, which seemed innocent yet fully aware of the impact inside, suddenly began thrusting.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her delicate features instantly crumpled. Seeing her finally react, he wore a sly smile.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The thick organ stretched the ridiculously small entrance with sharp thrusts, pushing beyond what seemed manageable. With a skilled twist, he pried open her insides as he straightened his back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The flesh pierced at a sharper angle, forcing open the tight inner walls. The entrance, usually too dry to fully close around him, gradually relaxed as it stretched wider with each thrust.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hngh\'85 ah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich didn\rquote t miss the opportunity, lowering his licked fingers. Spreading her pubic hair, he pressed firmly on the small nub above her labia, rolling it with his fingers.\par
\par
 When he directly touched her clitoris, an electrifying pleasure coursed through her belly, making her inner walls throb and tighten around his cock. The thing inside her twitched as if rejoicing at being inside.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He followed through by letting a lump of saliva, created by scraping the inside of his cheek with his tongue, drip out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s stiff body, which had been rigid like a piece of driftwood washed ashore, gradually loosened up. Ulrich, smiling as if pleased with this, thrust himself in more deeply.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The soft spot where the tip of his \f0\lang1033 cock\f1\lang9  squirmed in felt particularly tender as it slid in. When he repeatedly struck that spot, targeting it, red marks appeared on her pale skin. Each time, as if the pleasure that had taken over her long ago swelled inside, she would tighten her belly in sync with his pounding.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Mm, ah, ah\'85! Ngh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The mixing of his pre-cum and her sticky fluids from the friction of his \f0\lang1033 dick\f1\lang9  against her inner walls began to create a lewd squelching sound at their joining point.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Splish, splash. Now that the inside had finally become slick enough to move smoothly, Ulrich habitually grabbed her ankle and twisted it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah\'85 Aah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The coquettish moan that had been flowing from her suddenly turned into a stiff cry. Ulrich, who had tried to change her position to one more comfortable for penetration, unconsciously realized that he had grabbed her broken foot and loosened his grip. A displeased sigh followed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Because of your leg, this is, ngh, becoming a problem.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah, mm\'85 Ah\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s no position we can do other than this, haah.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Although he grumbled in discontent, his vulgar hip thrusts, twisting her lower body, didn\rquote t stop. As if the only place he could find vitality was inside her, his heated, rigid \f0\lang1033 cock\f1\lang9  rubbed and ground against her vaginal walls without rest.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he glanced down at the already swollen entrance that had been struck a few times, Ulrich\rquote s lips curled into a sly smile.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote\f0 ll carry you\'85 ngh, should I break your leg a bit more?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His hand slowly moved up her milk-white calf, eventually grabbing her right ankle, which was tightly wrapped in bandages. Lisbell\rquote s gut turned cold as she swallowed down the intense revulsion that surged up, even suppressing her breathing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the vivid and tumultuous pain of that time when her ankle had been twisted and broken in the dim chapel resurfaced, her vision darkened.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As her entire body froze solid, the muscles between her buttocks tightened, clenching around his thick cock. Ulrich let out a wicked moan, squinting one eye in apparent pleasure.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m kidding, so relax your hole; you\rquote\f0 re too tight. Heh\'85 How adorably scared you are.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whether it was truly just a nasty joke or not, he casually smiled while his hands roughly repositioned her buttocks on the sheets.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you want to spread your legs a little more? I want to go in harder.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though his tone seemed to coax her, his hand roughly pressed down on her thigh. Lisbell\rquote s lower body spread wide open as if it had become one with the sheets.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Taking full advantage of the now accessible entrance, he braced himself on the bedpost and thrust deeply into her slick interior. A sticky heat rose from where they were joined.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah, mm, ah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the thick \f0\lang1033 cock\f1\lang9  plunged into her like an iron hook, rudely battering the passageway leading to her womb, her heart felt like it was being dug out. Lisbell looked up at the man with hazy eyes, at the man who nonchalantly made horrifying jokes that threatened to dull her consciousness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her gaze did not focus on one point but scattered. Every time she saw him, she also saw her own foot draped over his shoulder.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At first, it appeared to be her right foot, wrapped in bandages, but then it seemed like her left foot, shackled to prevent her from leaving this place. Eventually, it became difficult to tell which foot was which.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It just felt as if her entire body was being tossed around like a worn-out straw doll. Her insides churned, and a deep nausea, akin to seasickness, welled up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her wavering gaze soon returned to the man\rquote s face. His sharp features, as meticulously crafted as a jewel, were fully aroused as he took possession of her stiff body, which had become rigid like a shattered fragment.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His slightly roughened eyebrows, the wild jawline that tensed occasionally, and the overflowing lust in his eyes were so blatant that anyone could see the lustful residue lingering in them.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Not only his face but also the palpable weight of the flesh thrusting endlessly between her thighs conveyed his sexual urge.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She had expected this.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell had anticipated that he would be aroused to a certain extent, but now that things had turned out exactly as she had predicted, she felt a slight sense of satisfaction, despite her miserable state. She could now more clearly understand what the man wanted from her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In truth, what Ulrich wanted from her had been clear from the beginning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If we\rquote re going to have sex, it\rquote s better if we both enjoy it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If your fianc\f0\'e9 is gone, shouldn\rquote t you be able to enjoy it more freely?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He wanted her to lose her conscience.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He wanted her to lose herself, to become one with him, to wriggle in the hellish pleasure.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t because he was uncomfortable with her trying to live without losing her conscience. He simply had a primal desire to see her fall deeply into depravity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That was his world, after all.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The world where he lived, breathed, indulged, and wallowed\f1\emdash a paradise of depravity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Now that she had finally tasted the pleasure of someone acting exactly as she expected, Lisbell quickly realized that to catch him off guard and find a gap, she too would have to cross that boundary. Nothing less would suffice. She had already prepared herself for the fact that he would not be an easy opponent, as she gathered the shattered pieces of her heart.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Mm?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s hand quietly lifted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As Ulrich, who had been busy thrusting his \f0\lang1033 cock\f1\lang9  into her with all his might, suddenly stopped his actions.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His clear eyes, which seemed to be unable to comprehend the situation, slowly slid toward where she was pointing. At the end of his gaze was Lisbell\rquote s palm, clasped around Ulrich\rquote s collarbone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell gently caressed the sturdy collarbone that had emerged robustly like a beast\rquote s hide, contrasting with his pale, porcelain-like skin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Although his face was delicate and beautiful, the man\rquote s body was solid and well-toned, like a weapon forged and tempered evenly, with no weak spots.\par
\par
 \par
\par
In the next moment, Ulrich\rquote s lips curved into a smooth, almost irresistible smile.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Seemingly deeply moved by the fact that her hand was touching some part of him, he displayed an expression as warm as a spring sunbeam, and then immediately seized her hand, bringing it to his cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Not stopping there, he tilted his head slightly so that her palm would brush against his lips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was an affectionate and familiar kiss, starkly contrasting with the scars left by shattered glass shards, where red sorrow and dark blue melancholy swirled and pulsed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When he pulled his lips away with a soft \ldblquote smack\rdblquote  Lisbell lowered her hand again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she fiddled with his collarbone, which had grown masculine and prominent like his broad shoulders, she felt his \f0\lang1033 penis\f1\lang9  stiffen inside her. Twisting her waist slightly in response to the internal stimulation, Lisbell gradually raised her hand.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The hand stopped near his nape, where the blood vessels turned a faint blue under the surface, covering the area where his lips had just touched. Motionless, as if she were trying to suppress even her own pulse, she felt the subtle yet strong pulse of life throbbing there.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was faint, yet powerful and vigorous.\par
\par
 \par
\par
And therefore, all the more uncomfortable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who had paused in their intense coupling to watch her, asked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell subtly moved her hand, trying to conceal her attempt to feel his pulse. She wrapped her arm around his neck. It was indeed a burden to embrace such thickness. She wondered if she could even tear apart this thick hide with her own hands.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ugh!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Suddenly, her pelvis was pressed down as her lower body was struck forcefully. Her entire body trembled, and Lisbell\rquote s eyelids quivered.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whether he was overwhelmed by her unusually assertive behavior today, he spoke in a voice wrapped in both suspicion and undeniable pleasure.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why are you acting like this today? It\rquote s really, haah, strange.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
A man who had no resistance to being touched first by others. It was as if she could feel the pent-up thirst that had made him persistently torment her for so long.\par
\par
 \par
\par
On one hand, it was amusing. It was so funny that she was on the verge of sneering.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Strange, he says. After treating someone so cruelly, did he think she would be fine? That Lisbell had come this far was all because of him.\par
\par
 \ldblquote\f0 Ugh, ah, ah\'85! Ah, hng!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The gentle thrusts that had allowed for brief moments of breath suddenly turned intense. The rhythm was completely abandoned, and the speed increased to the point where breathing became disjointed and erratic.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He adjusted his posture so drastically that it was as if he were kneeling upright. Lisbell\rquote s lower body, entwined with the man\rquote s, naturally lifted into the air. Her hips, which were connected to the now-wet slit, and even her waist, lifted off the sheets.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich thrust his \f0\lang1033 penis\f1\lang9  in forcefully. The relentless movement of his hips made it feel like the walls of her vagina were being scraped. The sensitive inner flesh around the penetrating column was stimulated to the point of almost being peeled back, sending a sharp tingle deep into her abdomen.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah\'85! Mm! Ugh, hng\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Moreover, each time he entered her, now in a more intimate position, a throbbing heat spread inside her, making her lower region pulse. The inner walls, previously filled with pent-up moisture, now released a blatant spray of fluid outside.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was a violent act of sex, barely disguised by the term \ldblquote passion.\rdblquote  The pleasure dragged out of her against her will was just that\emdash dragged out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hng, mm, mm, ah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The inside was hit repeatedly. The vulgar electric current recklessly heated the crown of her head. Her vision whitened, and suddenly, tears burst forth. Her cheeks grew wet as pitiful cries filled the bedroom, almost piercing the ceiling. Her hands and feet trembled uncontrollably.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Each time Ulrich\rquote s length filled the narrow cavity completely, Lisbell\rquote s most vulnerable parts tightened as if struck. Of course, Ulrich didn\rquote t allow her to relax, instead digging deeper, almost as if he was seizing her climax.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hng, mm\'85! Ah, ah, ah\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her moans shortened to the point where they could no longer be any briefer. The heat that threatened to melt her overtook her body, causing it to convulse uncontrollably. The air carried an obscene wave.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The man, who had been repeatedly plunging into the flesh that eagerly swallowed him, suddenly drove in with fierce intensity. She felt something wet burst out, soaking her lower region. Between her crossed legs, a thick, lewd scent arose.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hng\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As soon as he started to release, Ulrich, now limp over Lisbell\rquote s body, turned his head to the side and muttered something. It was hard to hear, but it seemed like a curse. It was an uncouth word for someone who usually spoke with a deep, aristocratic accent.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Perhaps aware of how he was pinning her down with his large frame, he soon propped himself up on the sheets, raising only his upper body. His chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath, and then his hand grabbed her chin. His hot breath, inflamed by arousal, invaded her mouth, wildly swirling around as if to steal away what little air remained.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He pulled away from her lips, which had been teasing hers so vigorously that saliva trailed between them, and whispered with a curious tone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Why do you keep doing these pretty things that don\rquote\f0 t suit you\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The question he had held before the act now finally found voice. He pulled her chin up a bit more.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though he asked, it seemed he wasn\rquote t expecting a proper answer, as he soon left a light bird-like kiss on her lips, lost in thought. When their lips parted, Lisbell whispered in a fragile tone as if she were about to break.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85I want to be at ease.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It seemed Ulrich hadn\rquote t heard her well, as he responded with a drawn-out, \ldblquote Hmm?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell fidgeted, curling up under his body.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 I\'85 don\f1\rquote t want to hurt anymore.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 If I refuse you\'85 you\f1\rquote ll keep hurting me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 So, just\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
My throat itches.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unconsciously, she raised her hand to rub the bandage while mumbling.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her tone, dazed and disconnected, passed through her own ears, blending despair and emptiness, as if resigning herself. She hoped that he would perceive it the same way.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich looked down at her in silence. If looks could bore holes, her face would have been pierced by now. He studied her that intensely.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Then, he removed her hand from her neck and stood up from the bed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When he returned, still half-naked, wearing only his pants, his lips met hers again. But this time, instead of a tongue, a lukewarm liquid flowed into her mouth. As she swallowed, her throat tingled and burned. The dense scent of liquor filled the air. She finally realized he had given her the drink she had requested.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve made a good decision.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
After swallowing nearly a glass\rquote s worth of liquor, all delivered through a kiss, Ulrich\rquote s face finally came into focus.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He was smiling. It reminded her of the eerie laughter that had gnawed at her mind, but it quickly vanished like a mirage. Perhaps because his current smile was too gentle to be considered sarcastic. There was a hint of the spring Lisbell had yet to recover in that smile.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a saying that everything depends on how you accept it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If you stay by my side, you\rquote ll surely be happy.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though he spoke with a smile, there was an inexplicable murkiness around his pupils.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was the smoke of doubt.\par
\par
 \par
\par
For Lisbell to accept his words so easily would require forgetting the desperate resistance she had shown thus far, which he surely remembered vividly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Yet, she couldn\rquote t entirely shake the joy from her expression. It was a reaction she swallowed along with the poisonous doubt. Lisbell thought how truly despicable he was.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But then, so was she. The stench of deceit that had only belonged to him now clung to her as well.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t scratch your neck.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
She didn\rquote t realize until Ulrich grabbed her hand and pulled it away again. Whether it was itching, hurting, or just feeling tight, she didn\rquote t know. The faint taste of liquor lingered in the breath she swallowed. That was all she could rely on for now.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
The first thing that came to mind as she reoriented her thoughts, lying still as a mouse, was alcohol.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was the burning pain of the scar that intensified each dawn that reminded her, followed by the deep, unshakeable melancholy that left her in a downward spiral, devoid of any will to stir. Finally, she sought it out to endure the nights she would inevitably spend with Ulrich.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since the day she broke off her engagement with Theodore and drained an entire bottle, Lisbell had sworn off alcohol. The breakup was bad enough, but the mistake she made while drunk that day had been shocking. It was a disgraceful secret she vowed never to let anyone know, one that had tormented her for days.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You were the one who clung to me, Lisbell.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You kissed me first, don\rquote t you remember?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You wrapped your legs around my waist, begging me not to go.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell still had no memory of such things. Nor did she want to. The very thought of it was something she would burn from her mind if it surfaced, leaving only unrecognizable ashes behind, ensuring not even a trace remained.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But at this moment, she needed the same level of assertiveness she had shown then.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just as she had been so eager to kiss first and touch his body, making him ecstatic in the past, she began drinking again. A glass a day, even if only as an aperitif.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At least she had an excuse to rely on. When the skin on her neck had sizzled under hot wax, she had thought she might die, but now it was useful enough to delay the wedding and justify her drinking.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The man had been right about one thing: how you interpret and react to something ultimately depends on your own mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She knew her thoughts were becoming a bit twisted, but it didn\rquote t matter. After all, being docile by his side was something she couldn\rquote t do in her right mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was better to spend her days slightly unhinged, rationalizing her self-destructive thoughts, than to be consumed by endless depression.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I want to read a book.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, lying on her side like someone whose life\rquote s posture was laziness, suddenly spoke.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The man, who had been fiddling with his cufflinks, looked her way. Sunlight streamed through the window, licking at his body as if in adoration.\par
\par
 \par
\par
When he turned his body toward her, his lips curled into a subtle smile. The tender spring light fell on him, exuding an infinite gentleness.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you want to spread your legs so I can see?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
But contrary to his gentle demeanor, his open mouth issued a crude command as if crafted from vulgarity.\par
\par
 It was a good idea to have a drink in the morning.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell thought this as she hiked up the slip that only covered half of her thighs. She knew that spreading her legs while the slip was still in place wouldn\rquote t show her what she wanted to see. In the end, he was a man who would push her to vulgar acts to get what he wanted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The flimsy slip slid upward, revealing her hips and the rounded curve of her buttocks. As he approached the bed, she spread her legs to give him a better view. She could feel his ocean-blue eyes roving over her exposed skin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s hand, which had been adjusting his sleeve, dropped, and a stifled breath escaped his lips. With a self-deprecating smile, as if mocking himself for falling into temptation, he crawled between Lisbell\rquote s slender thighs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His slippery tongue licked the still-swollen entrance, the aftermath of last night\rquote s activities. His thorough, persistent licking made her twitch involuntarily.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was revolting how accustomed to pleasure even humans could become. The inside of her stomach began to heat up, and though she felt slightly nauseated, she could manage. The drink she had in the morning helped her maintain her composure, even as she felt herself sinking lower.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who had been touching nothing but her tongue, suddenly grasped her knees, spreading them wider. His grip reminded her of his arousal, which was already evident.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound of his tongue flicking between her legs was unrelenting. Each time he moved his head, his fine platinum hair tickled the sensitive skin of her inner thighs. While the man indulged in her, Lisbell gazed at the ceiling, her mind hazy and unfocused.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You made a good decision.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
After that remark, Ulrich\rquote s suspicion persisted steadily from that day onward. He constantly tried to gauge if Lisbell had truly abandoned the hope that lay outside and accepted the tragedy that surrounded her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The routine was always the same.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell would make a demand, and he would propose something in return.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Just like when she asked for a drink, Lisbell began to make requests of him, one by one.\par
\par
 \par
\par
From specific requests like \ldblquote I want to bathe alone,\rdblquote  \ldblquote I want to open the windows whenever I want,\rdblquote  to more meaningless and capricious demands like \ldblquote I\rquote m bored,\rdblquote  \ldblquote I\rquote m hungry,\rdblquote  \ldblquote I\rquote m cold,\rdblquote  she threw out anything that came to mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Each time, Ulrich would naturally expect something in return\emdash usually something involving her body. Yesterday, she had sucked him off while lying on the bed, and the day before that, they had kissed until her tongue was sore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Of course, Ulrich never stopped at mere teasing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d like to hold the wedding at our hotel. I plan to decorate the banquet hall with sweet peas that will be in full bloom before summer. They\rquote re pink, just like your insides, so you\rquote ll love them.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Sometimes he would bring up the wedding.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote By the way, did you have a good conversation with Mr. Mortier? How was he? Did he seem happy with Ms. Hinse?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
At other times, he would mention Theodore.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell always remained calm, occasionally adding a \ldblquote Yes\rdblquote  or \ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whenever she responded like that, Ulrich would stare at her, as if trying to dissect her reaction. Though he often smiled, there was always a sharp intensity in his eyes. He seemed desperate to keep testing her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ugh, mm\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her legs lost all strength. Ulrich, who had buried his tongue deep inside her and was rolling it around until her insides became mushy, finally lifted his head when his lips were thoroughly soaked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote What book?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Seemingly satisfied with his morning activity, Ulrich asked pleasantly, his voice still playful. As Lisbell licked her lips, trying to shake off the tingling sensation between her legs, she answered.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote\f0 d like to choose it myself\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who had been licking her lips, paused.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His once indifferent gaze now hardened into a cold stare. He then gave her a smile that was clearly superficial. That\rquote s right, his expression seemed to say, I should have expected this.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Do you want to leave the bedroom?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
To the man, that\rquote s what her main intention must have sounded like. Lisbell looked at Ulrich without bothering to pull down her slip, then slowly turned her body away. She lay down, turning her back to him, and muttered indifferently.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Never mind if it\rquote s not allowed.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich didn\rquote t respond. However, she could feel his icy gaze raking across her back. Lisbell stared blankly at the wall, as if nothing could change her mind.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Before long, a shallow sigh broke the silence.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ha.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote This is just as nerve-wracking.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her body was suddenly pulled to the edge of the bed. Ulrich had tugged on the chains connected to the bedpost. The sensation of being dragged against her will was always unpleasant and unnerving.\par
\par
 \par
\par
By the time she blinked, she found herself pinned beneath him. Ulrich lowered his upper body and bit one of her round buttocks hard. The feel of his teeth sinking into her soft flesh sent chills down her spine.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Well, since you\rquote\f0 ve so generously spread those expensive legs\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He spoke as if doing her a favor, and shortly after, he called someone in to bring the shackle key. He must have been too lazy to dress her, as he draped his house robe over her slip-clad body, then swiftly unlocked the shackles.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As soon as he finished, Lisbell\rquote s body was lifted into the air.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll carry you instead.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If you don\rquote t want that, we can forget about it.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He raised his eyebrows with a playful smile. It was clear he was eager to see how she would react.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell stared at him closely before slowly moving her arms.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich\rquote s smile quickly faded. When the woman\rquote s thin arms, as fragile as tree branches, wrapped tightly around his neck, he nearly dropped her but quickly regained his composure and adjusted his grip on her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At the same time, he let out a faint chuckle.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85See?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The hand supporting Lisbell\rquote s back pulled her closer into his embrace.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I feel like I\rquote ve never won.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Muttering to himself in self-mockery, Ulrich shook his head slightly as he walked toward the door.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Honestly, until they were walking down the corridor toward the library, she wasn\rquote t sure how sincere he would be. She assumed he\rquote d pick out a few books, give instructions to the servants to bring them to the bedroom, and that would be the end of her unexpected outing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
But the man surprisingly invested his time with genuine sincerity.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He looked over each of the two-story-high shelves, allowing Lisbell to choose the books she wanted. He even recommended some, mentioning they were enjoyable reads. When Lisbell examined the books he handed her, he seemed pleased, rubbing his lips against her temple as if it felt rewarding to have her attention.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At one point, Victor entered the library. He seemed to be there to discuss some schedule, but Ulrich dismissed him with an unrecognizable gesture, letting Lisbell continue her leisurely book selection.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was while she was aimlessly wandering through the library, enveloped in Ulrich\rquote s arms, that something caught her eye.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was a chessboard set up on a library table. The square grid, square pieces, square layout\emdash everything about it was geometric. The moment she saw the object full of angles, a shiver ran down her back.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Hmm?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, noticing that her attention was elsewhere, followed her gaze to the chessboard and asked.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Curious?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As if in a trance, she nodded. Ulrich left the bookshelves and approached the library table.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Have you ever played?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Shall I teach you? It\rquote s worth trying.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich whispered as he toyed with the king piece, moving it to incorrect squares. Lisbell hesitated before slowly lowering her hand. Seeing that she couldn\rquote t reach the chessboard from where she was, Ulrich bent his knees to let her touch it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The cool edge of the square brushed against Lisbell\rquote s fingertips.\par
\par
 \par
\par
No.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was too blunt.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was far too dull to pierce the strong, calloused flesh she had once covered with her palm. It seemed sharper from a distance, but it wouldn\rquote t do. The size was also too large for her to wield with one hand. A book corner would be better than this.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Alright.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich responded with a soft laugh to her seemingly absent-minded reply.\par
\par
 When she returned from exploring the library in the morning, the bedroom was filled with sunlight.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He naturally found the shackles and attached them to her ankles after laying her down on the bed. Lisbell opened the book she had brought with her, as if his behavior was expected, without frowning once.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who stood close by, watched her with a curious gaze. After a moment, he heard someone calling him from outside the door. Ulrich slowly lowered himself and brushed his lips against Lisbell\rquote s shackled instep.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What could it be\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I wonder what\rquote s going on in that little head of yours.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Muttering as if he was genuinely confused, he announced that he\rquote d be right back and planted a kiss on the side of Lisbell\rquote s head before leaving the bedroom. Even at the sound of the door closing, Lisbell didn\rquote t move as she continued reading her book.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After several pages, she gently lowered her head.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The shackles that had vanished just moments before were now securely fastened, as if by magic. The most tangible proof that her freedom was in his hands.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell shook her shackled foot as if out of habit. The sound of the chain rattling against the edge of the bed was like the crack of a whip.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Clank, clank, clank.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\f0 Clank, clank\'85.\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound ceased, and the ominous vibrations that had echoed through the bedroom subsided.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell lay still as if dead, determined.\par
\par
 \par
\par
First, she needed to remove these shackles.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Only then did it seem possible to get what she wanted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
The days passed in leisurely succession.\par
\par
 \par
\par
For the man, certainly. But for Lisbell, the days were far from carefree.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85It\f1\rquote s your turn.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s voice, slightly breathless, echoed after moving the white bishop.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Huh? Oh.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich seemed oblivious to the fact that they were playing chess, preoccupied with toying with Lisbell\rquote s body, which was seated on his lap.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even now, his hands were slipping inside her slip, crudely fondling her flat chest. Her breasts, squeezed repeatedly, were tender, and her nipples, pinched and rolled like toys, had become stiff and protruded through the slip in an obscene manner.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It wasn\rquote t until Lisbell\rquote s voice reminded him that it was his turn that his hands withdrew from inside her slip, grasping the black knight. Without hesitation, he made a bold move that quickly overwhelmed the board, easily bypassing the pieces Lisbell had set up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Since returning from the library in his arms, a chessboard had appeared in the bedroom. Ulrich wasn\rquote t much of a teacher. Whenever he tried to explain the rules, he\rquote d take every opportunity to touch her somewhere, and when he was particularly aroused, he\rquote d push the chessboard aside and bury himself between her legs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As a result, it took three days just to learn the basic rules.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What started as a simple pastime increasingly puzzled Lisbell.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At first, as an inexperienced beginner, losing was only natural. But even as she gradually learned the game, the results remained the same.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Even when she thought she had come up with a clever move or a suitable variation, Ulrich would make a single gesture, and all her strategies would crumble, the entire board collapsing in an instant.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was incomprehensible how he managed to win despite his lack of focus, constantly groping or sucking on parts of her body while they played, without any apparent interest in the game. The reason she continued to play chess, despite planning to quit out of frustration, lay in that mystery.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A few turns passed. Eventually, Lisbell\rquote s white king was surrounded by his pieces. Checkmate. She was thoroughly defeated. Though it was just a game, her heart sank. The feeling of something breaking inside her, already fragile, was overwhelming.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Why?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The question slipped out.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who had achieved victory with indifferent ease, let out a casual breath as he bit her earlobe.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He chuckled softly, as if he had already guessed what was on her mind. His hand, which had slipped between her thighs without her noticing, slowly withdrew and approached the chessboard.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, your moves are too predictable.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote I can read them after just a glance.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He licked her ear, adding, \ldblquote Well, that\rquote s part of your charm.\rdblquote  Ulrich\rquote s comment was not something Lisbell particularly cared about. She watched as his hand touched her fallen king.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote And you\rquote re too conservative.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His touch was light, driven purely by base curiosity, just as when he toyed with her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re too hesitant to bring your king to the front lines.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s obvious how you try to protect and hide what\rquote s precious to you.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Hide the king?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell looked at the chessboard again. Indeed, while her king had barely moved from its starting position, Ulrich\rquote s king had ventured dangerously close to the heart of enemy territory. It was more of an offensive move than one aimed at ensuring safety.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If you want to win.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He knocked over Lisbell\rquote s king. Then, he picked up his own dark king, moving it a square or two to occupy the spot where her king had been.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote You have to be bold.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Victory belongs to those who take risks.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was as if he were coaxing her. Lisbell straightened her fallen king. She remembered a rule she had learned on the first day: the king is the only piece in chess that cannot be captured. When a checkmate occurs, the player declares defeat and topples their own piece.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She hadn\rquote t declared defeat, yet her king had fallen. It was as if the fallen king mirrored her own crumbling self, and she couldn\rquote t just leave it lying there.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After playing a few more rounds with Ulrich, they were interrupted by a phone call. Lisbell, now seated properly in a chair after getting off his lap, continued moving the pieces, even though her opponent was gone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
At one point, her hand slid off the board, and she felt along its edge. Her gaze soon shifted to the glass on the side table, placed there earlier for amusement. She imagined throwing it to the floor, shattering it. She even imagined picking up the sharp shards. The sensation of her healed palms stinging as the wounds reopened was almost palpable.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\lquote\f0\'85No, that won\f1\rquote t do.\rquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It\rquote s not enough.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She quietly moved her hand back, positioning the rook at the edge, lost in thought. When Ulrich returned after a surprisingly long absence, possibly due to an extended meeting, he was startled to find her still sitting by the chessboard, diligently playing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He approached with a wry smile, as if to say she was hopeless.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Is it really that fun?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Should\rquote ve told you sooner.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
The chair turned toward him so he could see the chessboard. He lifted her off the chair, his thick arms making it clear that even if she stabbed him with the broken glass, he probably wouldn\rquote t even bleed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote No matter how fun it is, it shouldn\rquote t be more fun than playing with me.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Whenever they played chess, she couldn\rquote t escape a feeling of crushing shame.\par
\par
 \par
\par
What am I doing?\par
\par
 \par
\par
Is this really the time?\par
\par
 \par
\par
\f0 I should be finding a way to \'85 as soon as possible.\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
But then, when she saw how Ulrich enjoyed himself without hiding his pleasure, she couldn\rquote t help but think it wasn\rquote t a bad decision after all.\par
\par
 \par
\par
After all, her cooperation surely bred a subtle, insidious complacency within him. Just as she had sneaked into enemy territory and surrounded his king without his knowing.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Bold and daring, he had said.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As Lisbell was moved from the chair to the bed, his words floated through her mind. The chains of the shackles rattled as they stretched far and then wound back to the bed, making a chilling noise. It sounded like a snake slithering through the dark grass towards her feet.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Otherwise, I\rquote\f0 d be so disappointed\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His voice poured over her like the afternoon sunlight, lazy and content.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Without needing to say much, she could tell that he was thoroughly satisfied with their current life.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As she considered how he filled his days with deep satisfaction, her nape began to itch. Lisbell closed her eyes tightly. Her heart pounded lightly. She recalled the sharp pain still lingering in her palms. She remembered the hot blood that had flowed from the open wounds.\par
\par
 \par
\par
It didn\rquote t matter if she failed at chess.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Winning or losing in such games wasn\rquote t what mattered to her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
If she could be bold in reality, if she could achieve what she wanted, then she would ultimately win. She had to endure, to be patient, for that one goal alone.\line\line\ldblquote Lisbell, wake up now.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her temples were gently pressed. Even in her faint consciousness, she could guess that it was the man\rquote s lips.\par
\par
It was the first time he had woken her since she had returned to this bedroom.\par
\par
Given that rest was necessary for her injury, and knowing that staying awake would only bring more fatigue, he never attempted to wake her up in the mornings when she wasn\rquote t ready to get up.\par
\par
So, this morning felt a little special.\par
\par
Still half-asleep, Lisbell sat up, and Ulrich, already neatly dressed as if ready to go out, swept his tousled hair away with his hand. He kissed her forehead gently and smiled faintly.\par
\par
\ldblquote Shall we have breakfast first?\rdblquote\par
\par
At first, Lisbell wondered why he had woken her up, but it seemed to be just to have breakfast. He brushed his hand through her hair once more, and she got up from the bed.\par
\par
Without thinking, she placed her weight on her injured foot and stopped in surprise.\par
\par
She hadn\rquote t realized it, but the pain in her broken foot had become much weaker. In fact, it was almost completely gone. Before, even the slightest touch would send a sharp, grinding pain through her bones, but now, she could stand perfectly fine on that foot.\par
\par
\ldblquote Is your foot all healed?\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich asked as he reached out his arm to help her but paused mid-motion. Lisbell nodded and sat in the chair he had set out for her.\par
\par
There was only one serving prepared on the table. She had assumed he woke her up to join him for breakfast, but it seemed that wasn\rquote t the case. She felt puzzled but didn\rquote t ask and picked up the cutlery.\par
\par
Ulrich lowered himself to sit in front of her chair. Lisbell, breaking off a piece of the crispy crumpet, glanced down. It was clear that the swelling had gone down a lot. Satisfied with his observation, he didn\rquote t re-wrap the bandage but simply placed it aside.\par
\par
She expected him to stop there, but his hands moved toward her other ankle\emdash the one that had no injury, but still bore the weight of a manacle.\par
\par
His touch on her uninjured ankle felt awkward. Lisbell mechanically chewed her food, as if suppressing the discomfort.\par
\par
Her chewing slowed, and a few moments later, the tension in her ankle was released. The tightness eased, and the sense of weight on her ankle vanished, leaving an odd emptiness.\par
\par
She had been freed from the manacle a few times before. After she had asked to go to the library, Ulrich often removed it when she requested, and he would carry her there in his arms. She didn\rquote t need to think too deeply about this.\par
\par
Yet, today, something felt different. Ulrich had removed the manacle without any request from her. It was unusual.\par
\par
\par
\par
As she continued to stare blankly at the floor, Ulrich flicked her nose lightly. That snapped her back to attention, and she slowly resumed eating.\par
\par
After breakfast, it was as if it was already planned\emdash she was placed in the bathtub. The warm water wrapped around her, lifting her spirits.\par
\par
Ulrich hummed softly as he washed her, carefully avoiding her neck, which had suffered burns. He washed her limbs, armpits, and every part of her body with great attention, ensuring no spot was missed.\par
\par
Lisbell, sitting in the water, absentmindedly shook her left ankle, still feeling the strange lightness. The sound of her foot brushing in the water was oddly clear, and the same sound seemed to echo in her mind.\par
\par
Even after stepping out of the water, she kept shaking her foot. Ulrich chuckled at her actions, straightening his back and bringing a towel from the rack to gently dry her hair.\par
\par
\ldblquote The weather\rquote s warmed up a bit, so a blouse and skirt should be fine, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
After the bath, it was time to get dressed.\par
\par
Ulrich moved toward the wardrobe and pulled out several outfits he had already picked out, handing them to her. Although she wasn\rquote t sure of his intentions, Lisbell had no choice but to pick one of the outfits he had chosen.\par
\par
Once she was dressed, Ulrich led her toward the bedroom door.\par
\par
\ldblquote Shall we go?\rdblquote\par
\par
He opened the door and spoke.\par
\par
Where to?\par
\par
She was burning with the urge to ask, but she held back. An odd tension tightened in her chest. She had a feeling that if she was to make sense of the strange chaos of this morning, she would have to quietly follow Ulrich without asking.\par
\par
As she walked behind him, her mind drifted.\par
\par
Is it really right that I\rquote m walking on my own two feet? Could it be that the unbelievable part is my own condition, or the position I\rquote m in? Is it strange that I\rquote m walking normally now, without the manacle or injury? Or is it simply strange that I\rquote m walking through the corridors of this mansion in such a normal state? It was hard to distinguish which one felt more surreal.\par
\par
She looked at Ulrich\rquote s back ahead of her.\par
\par
His back, wrapped in a thin shirt for spring, looked so strong that even if she tried to run and leap onto him, it wouldn\rquote t break. The sight made her feel as though her blood had drained and her whole body had wilted, as though standing before an endless desert.\par
\par
A moment later, Ulrich opened a door to what appeared to be a reception room.\par
\par
The first thing Lisbell noticed was a clothing rack filled with dresses, tightly packed and seemingly all the same type.\par
\par
They were all white, with simple frills and lace\emdash delicate but not excessive.\par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s feet stopped, unable to go any further.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a little late, Madam. I\rquote m sorry to have kept you waiting.\rdblquote\par
\par
The woman standing in front of the clothing rack, giving instructions to an assistant who seemed to be a subordinate, turned toward them with a lively face. She was probably the madam of the tailor shop, invited here by Ulrich.\par
\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t need to apologize. I was so excited and thrilled that I lost track of time waiting,\rdblquote  she said with a bright smile.\par
\par
Ulrich, smiling as if relieved, looked over at Lisbell, who was still standing by the door. He reached out and gently pulled her forward. Lisbell hesitated but followed, unable to tear her eyes away from the dresses hanging on the rack.\par
\par
In contrast, the madam\rquote s gaze remained fixed on Lisbell, and she couldn\rquote t seem to look away.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Oh my, could this be\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The madam\rquote s anticipation grew, and Ulrich answered with a soft smile.\par
\par
\ldblquote This is my fianc\f0\'e9e.\rdblquote\par
\par
The madam\rquote s smile deepened. She extended a business card, the size of a palm, and greeted them.\par
\par
\ldblquote How do you do? I\rquote m Yvonne, the madam of Rettoile Tailoring. I\rquote ve been looking forward to meeting you ever since I received the request from Mr. Altahart.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote A request\'85?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes. It was a request to make the wedding dress for your wedding.\rdblquote\par
\par
Yvonne, with a pleased smile, looked at the two of them, seemingly pleased with how well they matched. Ulrich smiled back. In the meantime, Lisbell could not bring herself to smile.\par
\par
She didn\rquote t even consider looking at the business card in her hand and kept glancing over at the dresses on the rack.\par
\par
As expected.\par
\par
They were all wedding dresses.\par
\par
\ldblquote Shall we begin?\rdblquote\par
\par
While Lisbell was lost in thought, Yvonne asked Ulrich, turning toward him. Ulrich gestured as though to confirm, then walked over to a sofa in the reception room and sat down. Shortly after, a servant entered and handed him a glass of wine.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve selected several styles as samples, would you like to pick one, Miss?\rdblquote\par
\par
Yvonne kindly spoke to Lisbell, who was still standing stiffly in front of the rack.\par
\par
Lisbell was filled with a burning desire to crumple the business card in her hand and set fire to the wedding dresses on the rack. But she knew she couldn\rquote t do that.\par
\par
She had\'85 been pressured countless times already.\par
\par
By his tongue and its tests.\par
\par
This was likely just another one of them. If she caused a scene here, everything she had painstakingly achieved, enduring the peeling away of her heart\rquote s shell little by little, would be for nothing.\par
\par
In a way, this wasn\rquote t entirely bad news. The fact that he was expanding the test like this meant that his heart was also stirred. In other words, he was getting closer to truly being affected. If things continued this way, it seemed that he might easily be deceived by her\f1\emdash she might even end up believing him, which was a dangerous game she had to play carefully.\par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote\f0 t want\'85 don\f1\rquote t want, I don\rquote\f0 t want it\'85 no\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She vividly remembered how she had screamed and recoiled from his proposal.\par
\par
If he wanted this, then she had to go along with it.\par
\par
That way, she would be closer to her goal too. Shaking off the loathing and scorn crawling up from her toes, Lisbell grabbed one of the wedding dresses on the rack.\par
\par
 \ldblquote Did you say the flowers to be used as decoration will be sweet peas?\rdblquote\par
\par
Yvonne asked Ulrich, who was sitting on the sofa, leisurely swirling a crystal glass with ice in it. Ulrich nodded. Yvonne carefully selected several dresses from the rack. Several flowing dresses were then thrust in front of Lisbell, who stood like a mannequin in front of the mirror.\par
\par
\ldblquote Since your skin is so fair, I think these colors might look nice on you.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Still, it should at least look like a wedding dress, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Do you prefer something even whiter than this? Understood.\rdblquote\par
\par
Although Lisbell was the one to wear the dress, the exchange of opinions was solely between Yvonne and Ulrich. It couldn\rquote t be helped, since Lisbell had been confined to the bedroom and had no knowledge about the venue, the flowers, decorations, or anything else related to the wedding.\par
\par
Yvonne also seemed to have received some kind of hint, as she directed most of her questions toward Ulrich. At first, Lisbell had been uncertain, but when Yvonne glanced at her neck in the mirror\emdash specifically the bandaged area from her burn\emdash it became clear to her what was going on.\par
\par
Of course, they didn\rquote t completely disregard the doctor. Whenever Lisbell seemed to lose herself mentally, Ulrich would pull her back into reality by gently starting a conversation.\par
\par
\ldblquote What do you think, Lisbell?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85I like it.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Which one?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote The one I\rquote m wearing right now.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote You said you liked the one you tried on earlier.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re all so beautiful, I can\rquote t choose.\rdblquote\par
\par
Through the large full-length mirror, Lisbell occasionally met Ulrich\rquote s gaze. Every time their eyes met, he would pause, holding his glass to his lips, and flash a small, almost amused smile.\par
\par
Can you really endure this?\par
\par
Can you really stand here, choosing a dress to walk down the aisle with me?\par
\par
You want to feel comfortable, don\rquote t you? That\rquote s a lie, isn\rquote t it?\par
\par
This is all just an act, isn\rquote t it?\par
\par
Come on, show your true self.\par
\par
Go back to when you were screaming that you hated me, that you were disgusted.\par
\par
Expose all the hidden thoughts you\rquote ve been keeping inside.\par
\par
The beautiful and grotesque pale blue gaze directed at her seemed to pour out such temptations. Lisbell deliberately did not avoid his eyes and steadfastly put on the dress. The subtle applique decorations on the dress swirled around the hem, making it look like a living flower.\par
\par
Ulrich behind her let out a low exhale.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Hmm\'85 Madam?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Yvonne, who had been carefully unrolling the train of the dress, turned toward him. Ulrich, sitting with his legs crossed, leisurely swirled his glass while offering an awkward smile.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid it\rquote s going to be difficult for me to step out for a moment.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Do you have an urgent matter?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Well, it\rquote\f0 s somewhat urgent\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
His hand, not holding the glass, reached down to rest on his knee and gently stroked it. There was something strangely intimate about the touch. Yvonne, who had been watching, quickly realized his intentions. Once she understood, it seemed rather blunt.\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, my.\rdblquote\par
\par
She, a seasoned professional, seemed flustered for the first time in such a situation. Her smile, which had been unshaken despite Lisbell\rquote s indifferent attitude, wavered for the first time.\par
\par
\ldblquote It seems you really like this dress.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Seems so, since I want to be alone with her right now.\rdblquote\par
\par
The smoothness of his voice contrasted with the shocking content of the conversation, leaving Yvonne at a loss as to how to respond.\par
\par
Knock.\par
\par
There was a knock on the door.\par
\par
The door opened, and Viktor appeared.\par
\par
\ldblquote Sorry to interrupt. Sir, there\rquote\f0 s something urgent\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Viktor, with no intention of further conversation, immediately approached Ulrich.\par
\par
Ulrich, seemingly disappointed, took a sip of his drink and set the glass down before standing up. As expected, his pants bulged awkwardly. Despite that, his face remained remarkably calm.\par
\par
Approaching the door, Ulrich briefly listened to Viktor\rquote s message, then turned to look at Yvonne.\par
\par
\ldblquote Looks like I need to step out for a moment. I\rquote ll be back soon, so please take care of things in the meantime, Madam.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes, don\rquote t worry.\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich left with Viktor, and the situation came to a close. Just the absence of the man\rquote s gaze made Lisbell feel a lot more at ease.\par
\par
Unlike earlier, when she could hardly breathe, she was able to relax a little now.\par
\par
Yvonne began explaining the dresses that Lisbell hadn\rquote t yet tried on, showing them one by one. Lisbell half-listened, her attention wandering around the room. She was cautious not to let on that she was wondering whether Yvonne had received some kind of hint. Fortunately, Yvonne seemed to remain focused on the clothing.\par
\par
As Yvonne was organizing the back of the dress that Lisbell had just tried on, she let out a short exclamation.\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh dear, I completely forgot about the veil.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote The veil?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yes. A wedding dress isn\rquote t complete without considering the veil. I\rquote ll go get it right now, so would you mind waiting just a moment?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah\'85 yes.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
If she could leave the room too, it would be a welcome relief for Lisbell. Yvonne asked for permission and hurriedly opened the door and left.\par
\par
Now alone, Lisbell, in her stunning dress, began to inspect every corner of the reception room. Not stopping there, she also looked over the rack she had just stood near and the tools that Yvonne had been busy handling. She was searching for things like pins attached to the clothes or scissors used by the madams to cut threads. But none of it satisfied her. They were all less than worthless\emdash mere shattered pieces of glass.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 No\'85 something else\'85\f1\rquote\par
\par
Just as her thoughts were starting to deepen, a sudden silence disturbed her.\par
\par
Only moments ago, there had been the soft rustle of fabric, laughter, and the hum of voices filling the space. Now, it was as if the room had been washed clean by water, leaving an eerie quiet.\par
\par
When she realized what had happened, she understood.\par
\par
She was the only one left in the reception room.\par
\par
At that moment, the injury to one of her ankles had fully healed, and the shackles that had bound her other ankle were removed.\par
\par
\par
\par
Her violet eyes, which had been dim under dark clouds like violets in the shade, suddenly surged, trembling. Her gaze, carrying the tremors of her inner turmoil, slowly turned toward the door.\par
\par
The door was closed.\par
\par
But it could be opened.\par
\par
She was no longer in the state where she couldn\rquote t walk alone, and she wasn\rquote t physically held back by shackles either. Both the man and the madam who had been attending to her were gone.\par
\par
Recalling the days when she had freely roamed the mansion, the hallways were always quiet. Few people passed by, and there were plenty of hiding places.\par
\par
\f0 So if she was careful\'85\f1\par
\par
\lquote\f0 Escape\'85\f1\rquote\par
\par
Could she do it?\par
\par
The realization struck her mind like a collision, and every cell in her body screamed in excitement.\par
\par
Run. Escape. Get away. Go far.\par
\par
The rejection that soaked her chest was raw and vivid. Her thoughts, trying to roll forward smoothly, were blocked. She just wanted to take the opportunity to distance herself from Ulrich, to find a way to get away from him. She longed to drink in that desire to the point of intoxication.\par
\par
From that man\rquote\f0 s side\'85\f1\par
\par
\f0 Once more\'85\f1\par
\par
Her two feet, covered in the white dress, moved toward the door. The tension she had barely suppressed shot up again, and her lower abdomen chilled.\par
\par
When she grasped the doorknob, a flash of pale blue light suddenly shone in her mind. In the darkness, in the light, under the ceiling, those arrogant eyes had been looking down at her.\par
\par
Lisbell opened the door with a sudden motion.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
The regret came instantaneously.\par
\par
What if this was some kind of trap set by him? What if he had someone stationed outside the door, watching to see how she would react? What if he had planned to watch her and see what she would do next? How could she have been so reckless?\par
\par
Before she even realized it, her breath had become ragged. Lisbell, barely able to make a sound that no one else could hear, turned her stiff neck from side to side.\par
\par
\f0 No one\'85 was there.\f1\par
\par
There was no sign of anyone waiting to watch her leave. No matter how long she waited, she couldn\rquote t hear a single sound. It was just eerily quiet, like a scene from everyday life, so much so that it felt strange.\par
\par
\f0 A shiver ran down her spine. Lisbell, gripping the hem of her dress, took a deep breath. She could see the long hallway ahead. If she ran down there, descended the stairs, and turned right\'85 she would be at the entrance of the mansion. Once she passed through there, she would be out of the mansion for good. She would leave behind the shackles that had gripped her ankles like a snake, the wedding dress that had been meant to make her a bride of hell.\f1\par
\par
The doorframe, which had been drawn as a line in the sand, loomed ahead.\par
\par
Just one step.\par
\par
One step, and freedom would be hers.\par
\par
 Ulrich\rquote s hand moved smoothly over the documents.\par
\par
After completing yet another review and corresponding signature, Victor, who had been standing before him, occasionally glancing at his watch, quietly informed him,\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s been an hour since Madam left.\rdblquote\par
\par
The hand that had been moving without hesitation suddenly stopped. The sharp nib paused mid-stroke, causing ink to pool and form a large blot.\par
\par
Ulrich slowly lifted the fountain pen. He lightly tapped the round ink blot with the nib before setting the pen down and rising leisurely from his chair. When he was told thirty minutes had passed earlier, he hadn\rquote t reacted, but apparently, an hour was his limit.\par
\par
Taking out a cigarette, he placed it between his lips. Victor immediately stepped forward to light it for him. Exhaling a stream of smoke, Ulrich moved toward the door and asked,\par
\par
\ldblquote What do you think, Victor?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Pardon? What do I think?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What do you think happened?\rdblquote\par
\par
It was clear what his superior was implying.\par
\par
As if he took some perverse pleasure in observing Lisbell Osborne\rquote s response to the predicament he had orchestrated\emdash a kind of sadistic curiosity.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85I\f1\rquote m not sure.\rdblquote\par
\par
No more, no less\emdash that was his honest answer.\par
\par
I really don\rquote t know.\par
\par
Considering everything she\rquote d endured, one might assume she had learned her lesson. But recalling her desperate pleas to see Madam, she didn\rquote t seem like someone who would break so easily. Yet, if she had fled again, it would just be history repeating itself.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 What I mean is\'85 I don\f1\rquote t think it matters.\rdblquote\par
\par
What state of mind had he been in when he said that?\par
\par
Victor felt not only the exhaustion of dealing with whatever situation Lisbell might create but also the simple discomfort of having to witness it all up close.\par
\par
Having served Ulrich for many years, he knew his master\rquote s temperament well. He was stubborn and self-reliant. The more someone resisted him, the more inevitable it became that they would be overwhelmed.\par
\par
For that reason, Victor\rquote s feelings toward Lisbell were akin to watching glass charge toward a collision, knowing it would shatter into pieces. It made him anxious just observing it unfold. That was why he had urged her to give up\emdash because persuading Ulrich was out of the question.\par
\par
\ldblquote Do you really need to go this far?\rdblquote\par
\par
Fortunately, Lisbell seemed to have heeded his advice, judging by how the two of them had been getting along these past few days.\par
\par
Despite pretending otherwise, Ulrich was someone whose moods were quite transparent\emdash at least to someone like Victor, who had served him for so long. And for days now, he had been calm. What did that signify? It meant that the conflict with Lisbell, who had sought refuge in religion to escape him, had significantly eased.\par
\par
Just the other day, he had unshackled her ankle, even taking her into his arms and leading her around the study at a leisurely pace. Bathed in the multicolored light streaming through the windows, the two had looked almost like an intimate couple. That was the peace created by Lisbell\rquote s surrender.\par
\par
It would have been nice if things ended there. But this madman had devised yet another scheme to test her true feelings. Under the guise of work, he had first excused himself and then had Madam leave after a suitable delay.\par
\par
Naturally, this left Lisbell alone in the reception room.\par
\par
A cunning strategy, designed solely to see how she would react to the taste of freedom\emdash it was nothing short of malicious.\par
\par
\ldblquote These days, she\rquote s been doing something cute.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Excuse me? What has she been doing?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote She says she wants to be comfortable now.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote She doesn\rquote t want to suffer anymore, so she\rquote s going to accept me.\rdblquote\par
\par
Following Ulrich as he strode toward the reception room, Victor quietly swallowed. He had wondered if there had been a sudden shift in their relationship, but it turned out she had been the first to say something like that.\par
\par
Ulrich, walking ahead, suddenly chuckled.\par
\par
\ldblquote Isn\rquote t it adorable?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s obvious she\rquote s playing me, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
\par
Victor unconsciously clenched his fists.\par
\par
Ulrich had been in a good mood these past few days, no doubt about it. He was even reconsidering a terrible investment proposal he had previously dismissed and had called in a lawyer for legal advice. Until now, Victor had assumed it was all thanks to Lisbell\rquote s sweet words. But had Ulrich been harboring suspicions all along?\par
\par
\ldblquote The problem is me.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote I keep wanting to be fooled.\rdblquote\par
\par
His tone carried a hint of self-mockery.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 I keep wanting to fall for it\'85 That\f1\rquote s the problem.\rdblquote\par
\par
With doubt so deeply embedded in his mind, trust seemed unattainable, no matter how Lisbell Osborne acted. Victor swallowed the words that threatened to surface.\par
\par
By then, their brisk steps had come to a halt in front of the reception room.\par
\par
The door was closed.\par
\par
Just as it had been when he left.\par
\par
\par
\par
With the cigarette still between his lips, Ulrich stared down at the doorknob.\par
\par
He recalled the quiet eyes that had watched him as he unshackled her ankle that morning.\par
\par
Cute and detestable eyes.\par
\par
At some point, her gaze had become paradoxical to him. Softer than before, yet somehow, that very gentleness only sparked an ominous sense of foreboding. Sometimes, he wanted to grab her by the throat, squeeze tightly, and demand to know if she was sincere\emdash if she truly intended to stay by his side.\par
\par
In the past, he would have done just that.\par
\par
But now, with her acting this way, he couldn\rquote t bring himself to do it. Perhaps because he couldn\rquote t discard the ridiculous glimmer of hope that her determination wasn\rquote t just a shallow ploy but something real.\par
\par
If that was the case, one wrong move could shatter the delicate sandcastle she had painstakingly built through all her trials.\par
\par
\f0\'85Yes, the truth was, he was already more than halfway convinced.\f1\par
\par
Half? No, perhaps it wasn\rquote t an exaggeration to say he had already lost his composure entirely.\par
\par
Feeling disgusted with his own foolishness, Ulrich shook his head slightly and gripped the doorknob. Exhaling the smoke lingering under his tongue, he pushed the door open. It swung smoothly without a sound.\par
\par
\par
\par
The room was quiet. So silent, it seemed no one was there.\par
\par
A tense vein bulged in Ulrich\rquote s mind. He removed the cigarette from his lips and stubbed it out against the door frame.\par
\par
Even though he had expected it, the disappointment that settled into his bones was profound.\par
\par
Of course, she wouldn\rquote t stay.\par
\par
Looking back, it was absurd to think he could trust a few flattering words. Why had he unlocked the shackle, left her alone, and walked away?\par
\par
Why did I do that?\par
\par
I must have been completely out of my mind.\par
\par
Where did she run off to this time? Did she even have anywhere left to go? He had already torn apart everything\emdash her fianc\f0\'e9, her mother, even the religion she had sought refuge in\f1\emdash so where else could she possibly turn?\par
\par
\f0 Well\'85 where should I start looking? She was probably still within the townhouse. Should he have Victor block off the station first? No matter what, when he brought her back this time, he would\f1\emdash\par
\par
Just then, a small sound reached his ears.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Ouch.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
It came from behind a large clothing rack, about as tall as he was.\par
\par
Ulrich, who had been standing still with only his fingertips twitching, suddenly snapped out of his daze and strode forward.\par
\par
Rounding the clothing rack, he spotted a small figure nestled among the dazzlingly colorful dresses. Soft gray hair swayed with her slight movements.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Lisbell.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
She was right there.\par
\par
He had no idea what she was doing, crouched down, staring at her hand as if she had hurt her finger. Only when he called her name did she finally notice his presence.\par
\par
Calmly, she lifted her head. Her violet eyes turned toward him, creating a surreal feeling\emdash as if he were seeing an illusion.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Pfft.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Ulrich let out a laugh.\par
\par
Only when the sound of air popping like bubbles reached his ears did he realize\emdash he was the one laughing.\line\line\line\f0 Precisely\'85\f1\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell\rquote s gaze reached the face of the man pressing close to her cheek.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her freedom was in the hands of this man.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As long as this man treated her like a toy in his hand, simply distancing herself physically was not the solution. No matter how much she ran away, became disillusioned, struggled, or despaired, unless she destroyed the root of oppression named Ulrich Altahart, it would be an endless cycle.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That\rquote s why she didn\rquote t run away.\par
\par
 \par
\par
There was no longer any use in curling up and raising the white flag.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote If you want to win, you have to be bold.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Did he know?\par
\par
 \par
\par
What kind of feelings the person giving him that advice truly held.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He probably didn\rquote t know.\par
\par
 \par
\par
That\rquote s why, from that day on, he didn\rquote t shackle Lisbell\rquote s ankles.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
Clang, clang.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Unlike the sofa in Ulrich\rquote s bedroom, the velvet sofa in the reception room with its arched legs shook noisily with the slightest movement.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thud, thud! Lisbell\rquote s waist twisted uncontrollably, unable to withstand the force pushing up from below. Each time, the man\rquote s hands, sculpted like stone, grabbed her hips and thrust more deeply into her groin.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Mm, mm\'85 Ah\'85 Ahh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Their lower bodies, locked together, became wet. The column-shaped hole was already covered in a foamy haze from the relentless piston thrusts.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Each time the thick manhood slid along the slick, sensitive path, Lisbell\rquote s calves trembled lightly as they pointed towards the sky.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Like a stallion lost in the taste of lust, Ulrich was busy rocking his hips. Each time, he grasped her ankles again and planted a soft kiss near her ankle bone.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The eerie sensation of a shackle often lingered there, making the man\rquote s bird-like kiss unbearably unsettling. Even while her body rocked, a subtle chill didn\rquote t leave her.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah, here\'85 It\f1\rquote s incredibly soft.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As he thrust up into her connected depths, the line of his back, tightly clad in a shirt and vest, displayed a sinful rhythm. The morning sunlight shone in a way that couldn\rquote t hide it.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Lisbell, because you\rquote\f0 re relaxing\'85 Ha, it goes in even deeper than usual. Can you feel it? Here, mm\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As if he wanted her to feel it, he pushed his pulsing organ deep into the tight inner flesh. The swelling sensation spread as if her cervix was being pierced. It was so full that it made her dizzy.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the rounded head pushed up like a greeting, a flickering tremor spread across her vision. Lisbell\rquote s lower abdomen involuntarily tightened, and her half-closed eyelids quivered deeply.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who chuckled at her receptive response, lazily shook his rod, buried deep in her hole.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though his thrusts weren\rquote t strong, the vivid sensation of his glans rubbing against her inner walls left Lisbell\rquote s lips parted. Ulrich eagerly leaned forward and thrust his stiff tongue into her open mouth.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Mm, mm\'85 Mm! Huh, ah, ahh!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As their bodies tangled, the sofa began to groan sorrowfully again.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich carelessly rolled up the dress he had personally chosen for her. The intense stimulation made him want to tear apart everything his hands could reach.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The intense surge of excitement was expressed through his thrusting. Thud, thud! He struck her wide-open perineum, spreading and widening her tight entrance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
The slick, foamy connection emitted obscene sounds that echoed throughout the reception room. The air grew hot with the steamy atmosphere of their erotic encounter.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Knock, knock.\par
\par
 \par
\par
A knock suddenly interrupted.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Master, it\rquote s time for you to leave.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Victor\rquote s voice faintly came from outside.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell flinched momentarily, but Ulrich, lost in the heat of the moment, was engrossed in exploring her as if he were deaf to all other sounds. Even if a bomb dropped right in front of him, he seemed ready to bury himself in her flesh and lose himself in lust.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ha, mm, outside\'85 Mm\'85 Ahh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Mm\'85?\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Outside, there are people, mm, mm, ugh\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, ha, you don\rquote t need to, care.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
It was clear that he didn\rquote t want her to care about anything except him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
As Lisbell, spread wide open, was pressed deeper into the sofa, Ulrich swallowed his ragged breath and increased his pace.\par
\par
 \par
\par
His thrusts grew rougher as the flesh inside her pushed against her vaginal walls, reaching the brink. Her entire body contracted, unable to breathe, and Ulrich\rquote s breath melted out in response.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Did it go deep, mm?\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Mm, mm\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s squeezing so tight. Mm? What should I do? If it\rquote s like this, I won\rquote\f0 t want to leave\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
He chuckled and lifted Lisbell\rquote s skirt. Grasping her plump buttocks, he spread her wide open to reveal her perineum. Then, he shot forward and thrust his manhood deep inside.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Mm, ahh, ng, ha\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the rough surface of his veined manhood scraped her tender entrance, Lisbell gulped down her breath.\par
\par
 \par
\par
She reached out and caressed Ulrich\rquote s body. Slipping her hand through the open neckline of his shirt, exposed by the loosened tie, she touched his skin. A raspy, hoarse sound escaped Ulrich\rquote s mouth. The organ buried inside her shivered in sync with its owner, swelling with arousal.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich could never resist when Lisbell touched him of her own will. His jaw muscles clenched violently as he hugged her thigh and roughly thrust up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Though his size was formidable, the lubricating effect of her juices and foam allowed her inner walls to soften enough to embrace him. With each piston thrust of his hardened manhood, the pleasure quickly escalated.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Master,\rdblquote  came Victor\rquote s voice again from outside, urging him to leave.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich gripped Lisbell\rquote s lips, kissing them forcefully as he intensified his pace. His neat attire became disheveled, but he continued his thrusts with no regard for his appearance.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ah, ha\'85!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Mm, hoo.\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
His intense yet controlled movements were frighteningly persistent. Finally, Lisbell\rquote s insides reached their limit, and she squeezed her entrance tightly around him. Ulrich, his base swallowed up, couldn\rquote t resist the suction of her inner walls and climaxed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Mm, mm\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Ha\'85\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
As the two tangled together, their intertwined bodies let out a shared sigh of release.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Regaining his composure, Ulrich, still caressing Lisbell\rquote s buttocks, continued his idle hand-play.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, who was catching her breath, her hand still tracing his neck, met his eyes. Ulrich smiled seductively, like a red rose.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\ldblquote Today, I\rquote\f0 ll be back after just a simple dinner gathering\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thump!\par
\par
 \par
\par
The sound of someone impatiently banging on the door was heard then.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Ulrich, who had been busy groping her body even as he climaxed, finally withdrew his hand reluctantly. His low, smooth voice, tinged with irritation, softly called out, \ldblquote\f0 Victor Loisden\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, lying there with a dazed expression, looked up at him.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Perhaps he was pleased with her submissiveness, beyond compliance, to the point of being as docile as a lamb. Ulrich, who had lowered her skirt himself, rolled it up again and spread her legs.\par
\par
 \par
\par
He kissed her entrance, soaked with his mark, and said, \ldblquote I\rquote ll be back.\rdblquote  If anyone saw, they would be shocked by such a shameless act, yet he committed it with a nonchalant expression as he stood up.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Soon after, the sound of the door opening and closing echoed.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Lisbell, trying to steady her breath even after Ulrich had left, closed her eyes tightly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Her hand fell and grazed between her legs. She lifted it to her eyes. Her index, middle, and ring fingers were covered in his white semen that had spilled out as he withdrew.\line\line\line Lisbell rubbed her palms against the sofa seat as if she had just come into contact with something vile. Her movements grew increasingly erratic, almost convulsive, as though she were in the throes of a severe fit.\par
\par
Then, abruptly, her limbs went limp. The hand that had been obsessively scrubbing at the fabric lifted to cover her eyes.\par
\par
Blocking out her vision and plunging herself into darkness, she finally managed to steady her breath. Yet, no matter how desperately she tried, the lingering sensation of semen on her fingertips refused to fade, tormenting her with every passing second.\par
\par
The trace of a man left within her body.\par
\par
The weight of what that meant.\par
\par
The inevitable, horrifying consequence twisted her thoughts into chaos.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 No\'85.\f1\rquote\par
\par
She couldn\rquote t even fully form the thought\emdash not even in fragments. The mere idea of carrying his child was so grotesque, so repulsive, that her mind recoiled from it. But more than anything, what terrified her most was the possibility that it could become reality.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 I have to do something\'85.\f1\rquote\par
\par
I must.\par
\par
If this continues, my child will\emdash\par
\par
Thankfully, she had been granted some degree of freedom within the mansion. Ever since the wedding dress fitting, Ulrich had stopped imposing restrictions on her movements, even when she returned to the bedroom. That was how she had managed to slip away today, retreating to the drawing room unnoticed.\par
\par
Of course, he was still keeping an eye on her.\par
\par
He was the kind of man who could feign warmth while plotting something sinister in the shadows. Lisbell knew she had to remain vigilant, pretending to accept her circumstances as if she had lost all hope of escape. As if there was nothing left for him to break\emdash not even a fragment.\par
\par
Enduring his touch and not resisting the traces he left on her body was part of the game she was playing. If she truly wanted to destroy him, she had to be willing to lose herself in the process. Without that level of resolve, she wouldn\rquote t even be able to leave a scratch.\par
\par
But still.\par
\par
The feeling of lying there, his presence clinging to her skin\emdash\par
\par
She forced herself to swallow down the dark emotions rising within her. Pushing off the sofa, she steadied herself.\par
\par
\lquote Should I look for the medicine? Didn\rquote t they put something like that in my food before? But where? The kitchen? Or is there a separate storage room? What if Ulrich hears of it? What if he grows suspicious? I haven\rquote t even found the right tools yet\emdash\f0 what if he puts the shackles on me again\'85?\f1\rquote\par
\par
She sat there in a daze, slowly fastening the buttons of her dress, which had loosened to reveal her skin.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85Please, madam! The master has ordered that no one be allowed in here for the time being\'85.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
A commotion erupted outside the closed door. Lisbell turned her head just as the door suddenly swung open. The intrusion was forceful, as though someone had insisted on entering despite the servant\rquote s protests.\par
\par
\ldblquote Who is inside that I am forbidden from seeing?\rdblquote\par
\par
The voice belonged to none other than Mrs. Altahart.\par
\par
She halted upon seeing Lisbell seated on the sofa.\par
\par
This was the first time Lisbell had encountered her since arriving at the mansion. Despite wandering the estate for days, she had never once crossed paths with the woman, leading her to assume she had been staying elsewhere. Apparently, that wasn\rquote t the case.\par
\par
Behind the lady stood a flustered servant, his unease palpable. Clearly, Ulrich had issued an order barring anyone from entering this room\emdash something Lisbell had been unaware of until now.\par
\par
Seeing the servant hesitate, uncertain of what to do, Lisbell gave him a small nod. Understanding the silent command, he quickly bowed, shut the door, and disappeared.\par
\par
Mrs. Altahart let out a derisive laugh.\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 I wondered why I was being kept out, and it turns out\'85 you were in here.\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
Her refined voice, as polished as a classical performance, was laced with invisible thorns.\par
\par
\ldblquote If anyone saw this, they might mistake you for the mistress of this house, Miss Osborne.\rdblquote\par
\par
The way she spoke left no room for doubt\emdash this was not a misunderstanding.\par
\par
Of course, she must have been utterly baffled. After all, she had once extended a helping hand, only for Lisbell to flee on her own, only to end up back here\emdash captured and dragged into the mansion again.\par
\par
Mrs. Altahart crossed the room, settling on the opposite sofa. Meanwhile, Lisbell quietly continued fastening the buttons of her dress, saying nothing.\par
\par
The lady\rquote s cold gaze swept over Lisbell\rquote s body, still marked by the remnants of intercourse. Her blue irises darkened with disdain, like vines creeping over an icy lake. It was the look of someone staring at a leech, one that was draining her precious son\rquote s wealth and power.\par
\par
Under her scrutiny, Lisbell finished buttoning her dress to the very top. She appeared calm, lost in thought, but her silence seemed to infuriate Mrs. Altahart further.\par
\par
\ldblquote Have you had a change of heart?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Well, I suppose the position of mistress in this house must be quite appealing for someone of your station.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote I thought at least some of the courage and defiance you displayed when demanding your mother\rquote s funeral would remain, but it seems I overestimated you. Then again, with such a frail constitution, it\rquote s no wonder you let things reach this point.\rdblquote\par
\par
It was clear she believed Lisbell had chosen to stay by Ulrich\rquote s side of her own free will. After all, she was now part of the family, and no doubt, the lady had heard whispers of the wedding Ulrich was preparing alone\emdash without consulting anyone.\par
\par
\ldblquote Madam, do I look happy to you?\rdblquote\par
\par
After a long silence, Lisbell finally spoke.\par
\par
Mrs. Altahart\rquote s lips parted as if to respond, but the words stalled.\par
\par
Her icy blue eyes took in Lisbell once more\emdash her gaunt frame, the bandages still wrapped around her neck, the unmistakable frailty that even Ulrich\rquote s expensive clothes could not conceal. It was a wound wealth could not heal, a scar too deep to be hidden.\par
\par
\ldblquote Do I look like I\rquote m doing this by choice?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote No, I\rquote ve given up.\rdblquote\par
\par
Mrs. Altahart\rquote s expression flickered, ever so slightly. Lisbell continued, her voice composed.\par
\par
\ldblquote Have you ever felt molten wax drip onto your skin, burning you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Have you ever had your ankle snapped beneath someone\rquote s hand?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Do you know what it\rquote s like to live in constant fear, only to have the safe haven you finally found ripped away from you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote Madam, I\rquote m exhausted by the pain.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote So I\rquote ve simply given up.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her voice was smooth, as if reciting a decision long since made.\par
\par
There was a time when she had begged Ulrich\rquote s secretary.\par
\par
\lquote\f0 Please, bring the madam to me. Let me meet her, or at least send her my words\'85.\f1\rquote\par
\par
But the response had been unchanging.\par
\par
\lquote He is no longer just the young master\emdash he is the head of this family. Even the madam can no longer stop him.\rquote\par
\par
Even Mrs. Altahart could no longer be her shield. If anything, she was now in greater danger. And judging by her bitter attitude, she knew it.\par
\par
Mrs. Altahart was not overtly hostile, but she was hardly an ally. She was someone who prioritized the family above all else.\par
\par
Even so, Lisbell saw an opportunity.\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to be here\emdash I\rquote m only enduring this, waiting for your son to grow bored of me. As I said, I\rquote ve stopped fighting back because I can\rquote t bear the suffering anymore.\rdblquote\par
\par
\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 But\'85 I don\f1\rquote t want to have Ulrich\rquote s child.\rdblquote\par
\par
For the first time, Mrs. Altahart\rquote s composed expression wavered.\par
\par
\ldblquote When Ulrich is done with me, I want to leave without any ties. And in this matter, I believe our interests align, madam.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0\'85You\f1\rquote re asking me for medicine?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote If you don\rquote t want the noble bloodline of your family to be tainted.\rdblquote\par
\par
Even as she spoke, the words felt wretched\emdash describing her own blood as unworthy. But it was a thousand times better than allowing that nightmare to come true. She would rather scar herself than bear his child.\line\line\f0\lang1033 ----\line\line continue in part 6\f1\lang9\par
\par
 \f0\par
}
 