Chapter 25.

A kiss is supposed to be a romantic act, but this one only felt threatening, as if it intended to force its way in if resisted.

 

It was no mere illusion.

 

Ulrich bit down hard enough on his own lips to draw blood. The bitten corners of his mouth split open. The sting spread without resistance from the torn flesh. Swallowing back sobs, Lisbell spoke in a deeply immersed tone.

 

“Theodore….”

 

“Theodore.”

 



 

“What exactly did you do with Theodore?”

 

As expected, even that name had become a means to push the current humiliating and degrading situation further. The name of her fiancé, slipping from his sinful lips, was horrifying.

 

Unable to respond, Ulrich pressed his fingers against her tear-streaked cheek and then withdrew them.

 

“If this is how you kiss, it’s obvious you haven’t had sex.”

 

A strange spark flickered in the man’s eyes as he muttered lowly.

 

Lisbell recognized those eyes.

 

On a chilly night when the wind blew across the lawn, he had playfully tied her necktie in the pavilion. During that nerve-wracking moment, Ulrich, while tying the tie, had soon….

 

“Ah!”

 

Like this, he had tried to kiss roughly.

 

The previous kiss now seemed like child’s play as Ulrich frantically sucked on her lips. His grip on the nape of her neck tightened, preventing any escape. His excitement throbbed within, pinching and stirring his core.

 

“Uh! Mm…!”

 

His tongue plunged into Lisbell’s mouth, threatening to take over, stabbing deeply as if to control her breath. Unlike the tender bird kisses she’d shared with Theodore, which were light and fleeting, this was seething with terrifying passion.

 

From the start, he twisted his tongue around hers, teasingly violating her, then later pulled her entire tongue into his mouth to suck. Her face grew hot, and her mouth filled with saliva. Their overlapping, parting lips were already a saliva-drenched mess. The scene was unbelievably obscene.

 

“Ha….”

 

He leisurely rolled his tongue, savoring every corner of her wet mouth. His kiss was erratic, switching from fast to slow, urgent to leisurely, showcasing excessive indulgence like an unpredictable jest.

 

Whatever it was, her chest swelled as if it would burst. She had never felt so suffocated in her life. It felt as if an invisible hand was strangling her.

 

“…Huh!”

 

Lisbell’s delicate violet eyes quivered. Ulrich’s hand boldly slid inside her skirt, tracing the line of her underwear on her thin thighs. His touch was so explicit that she felt humiliated.

 

“Ha….”

 

Withdrawing his head, Ulrich released her tormented lips.

 

Breathing heavily, he groped inside her skirt while staring her in the face. Despite his neat, shining face, his hand gestures were vulgar.

 

Lisbell flinched repeatedly. The weight pressing subtly on her lower abdomen was unsettling. When they had tumbled together on the sofa in the parlor, she had felt Ulrich’s erection stiff against her.

 

“Ah!”

 

His hand, which had been probing between her legs, circled around to grab her buttocks. Squeezing hard enough to make her twitch like having a fit, the obscene touch was unprecedented. The intent behind his touch was clear and it made her skin crawl.

 

“Uh, mm.”

 

As he spread her buttocks apart and rubbed the cleft connecting to her intimate area with his long middle finger, the touch was excruciatingly stimulating. Even though he wasn’t touching her bare skin, just rubbing over the cloth, it felt as if her skin was being rubbed raw.

 

“Your butt is small. It fits in one hand.”

 

“Mm….”

 

“Are your breasts this small too? Then there’s nothing to fondle.”

 

Muttering self-assessed remarks, he bent his head forward.

 

He caught the ribbon tied at her blouse neckline between his teeth and pulled without hesitation.

 

The fabric slid smoothly.

 

He took the top button between his teeth. Somehow, after a few chews, the button popped open.

 

As he unbuttoned the second one, his hand continued to relentlessly rub her perineum. His intense desire to penetrate beyond the fabric was palpable. Lisbell felt utterly suffocated as he blocked her from all sides.

 

“Uh…!”

 

Then a sharp moan escaped all at once.

 

He had undone the buttons down to her cleavage and pulled back the thin fabric. Her breasts, with their pink tips, lay almost weightlessly in his hand.

 

“Small breasts and even smaller nipples.”

 

Lisbell’s body shuddered once more. He grabbed the tiny breasts firmly, as if trying to gather up the small flesh. His strong grip felt like it would tear off her flat chest.

 

“With this, I doubt there’s any pleasure in biting.”

 

“Ah…!”

 

Muttering discontentedly, he enveloped the small mound with his mouth. The dreadful sensation shot painfully through her limbs.

 

Unintentionally struggling, Lisbell’s nipple got caught painfully. She let out an incoherent moan and shook her head wildly. Her pale feet kicked the sheets fiercely.

 

“Ha, ha…!”

 

No matter how flat, a breast was still a breast. Enveloped in hot, wet saliva, the nipple stiffened to a point. The prickling sensation spreading below her waist was strangely peculiar. The unfamiliar feeling surged, making her want to flee.

 

Ulrich greedily sucked on the small flesh filling his mouth, holding Lisbell’s arms to immobilize her.

 

The pale coral-colored nipple was soaked in his saliva. As his tongue flicked against it, it swelled and darkened slightly. He persistently rolled his tongue, savoring the hue. Each time, Lisbell’s limbs trembled as if in torment.

 

He had never seen a woman whose nipples weren’t erogenous. Realizing she was feeling it, Ulrich laughed softly and sucked a mouthful of her breast.

 

“Ah, stop…! Please, stop…!”

 

With tear-filled eyes, Lisbell begged. Ulrich ignored her. He merely tapped her buttocks lightly, while still hungrily suckling her breast.

 

Despite their modest size, her breasts were soft, with a comforting scent that made him want to bury his nose in them. It was a scent that imprinted not just on his nose but in his heart.

 

He continued his vulgar teasing, licking her nipples, and eventually freed her other breast from her bra.

 

By then, Lisbell’s blouse was barely hanging on, exposing her breasts and navel. It couldn’t even be considered as being worn.

 

After mashing his face against her flat breasts, Ulrich finally lifted his head. His large hands grabbed both her breasts at once. The nipples, helplessly rubbed by his tongue, stood erect, looking ripe and enticing. He liked how they had swollen, making them perfect for tormenting.

 

“Your nipples are hard.”

 

Dropping the remark as if to inform her, Lisbell, who had been hiding her face with her forearms, trembled. Even his casual flicks at her protruding nipples made her cheeks tremble. Her lips, exposed under her arm, quivered repeatedly. The unfamiliar contact was overwhelming. She desperately wished for it to end quickly.

 

“Just….”

 

Unable to bear it any longer, her crumpled lips parted.

 

“Just do it… Please….”

 



 

“Not this, anything but this.”

 

“Anything but what.”

 



 

“Just shove it in?”

 

His voice lowered, as if annoyed by the interruption of his amusement.



Chapter 26.


A low, rumbling voice sharply pierced her ears.

 

Lisbell nodded with trepidation. A faint chuckle slipped from his lips and fell to her face.

 

“If that’s what you want.”

 

Without hesitation, Ulrich, who had made it clear this was all foreplay for her sake, lifted her skirt. At his brazen gesture, Lisbell inhaled sharply.

 

“Move your arm.”

 



 

“If you do something distasteful one more time, I’ll make sure your breasts are so swollen by tomorrow they pop out of your clothes.”

 

At this chilling warning, Lisbell swallowed the saliva pooling in her mouth and reluctantly lowered her arm. Her vision, blurred with moisture, reflected the man’s image. As she blinked against the stinging of her eyelids, a tear traced down her cheek.

 

Only then did the man’s face, slightly harder than his voice, become clear. His evident displeasure gripped and shook her heart. Even then, Ulrich’s hands steadily worked, removing the underwear concealed beneath her skirt.

 

“You’re wearing so many things.”

 

He grumbled in annoyance, tossing the garments entwining her limbs onto the bed. Then he spread her legs wide. The unsettling clarity of his eyes, now seemingly focused on a tiny spot that had possibly just appeared, made her shudder.

 

His fingers brushed and rubbed against her vulva. Lisbell curled up like a wary animal.

 

“Even here, it’s so small.”

 

“…Ugh…”

 

“Still, it’s cute. Not a single blemish…”

 

Saying it was pinker than her nipples, he pushed aside the clitoral hood like a cover. As he rubbed the soft flesh, he suddenly slipped his fingers inside. It was a direct friction at the entrance.

 

With just one knuckle in, the dry flesh contracted, expressing mild pain.

 

Lisbell bit her lip. She couldn’t believe a stranger, someone other than her fiancé Theodore, was touching a place even he had never touched. She vaguely lamented her situation, wondering how it had come to this, when the sound of rustling fabric reached her ears.

 

Thump.

 

Something pressed firmly against the entrance. The dizzying contact caused her head to drop involuntarily.

 

Oh, a faint moan escaped Lisbell’s lips.

 

Before she knew it, Ulrich had opened his trousers and pulled out his erect cock, fixing his gaze on her vulva before looking up. Seeing her shocked expression, he smiled gently.

 

“Yes, I’m circumcised.”

 



 

“Is it that fascinating? You can’t take your eyes off it.”

 

Lisbell’s shock wasn’t due to this unexpected characteristic.

 

Though his smooth, hairless genitalia were surprising, what truly stunned her was the size. She couldn’t imagine anyone jokingly agreeing to take it.

 

Just brushing it with her palm revealed an unusual bulk. The engorged veins and its impressive length, striking her navel, were formidable. It was a weapon that didn’t suit his handsome face.

 

“Now I’m going to insert it, so stop looking. It’s time to focus below.”

 

“Ugh…!”

 

Suddenly, he spread her lower parts. Her virgin entrance, tightly closed, resisted the invasive force, contracting tightly.

 

Ulrich frowned slightly at the strong grip that seemed like it could snap off his glans. Despite her intense clenching, her flesh persistently clung to his skin, showing a fierce determination to adapt to intercourse with a man.

 

“Sorry, but I’m in a hurry.”

 

“Ugh, ah!”

 

With a cursory apology, Ulrich thrust his length in all at once.

 

Shhhlk. The tight, wet space expanded excessively.

 

Lisbell’s eyes filled with tears.

 

Her insides felt squeezed and twisted. Her internal systems, normally unbothered, were in chaos, delivering immense pressure. The pain was a bonus. It felt like she was being torn apart. The burning, stinging sensation was unbearable. Tears flowed uncontrollably.

 

“Ah, ah… ugh…!”

 

“You’re not that wet… but, after a few thrusts… it’ll get wet on its own.”

 

His voice, strained between quick breaths, sounded rough. Consumed by excitement, he showed no concern for Lisbell’s state, beginning to thrust his hips.

 

“Ack! Wait… ugh, ahh…!”

 

Her pained moans rolled off her tongue. Lisbell struggled like a person desperate to survive. Each deep thrust felt like a harpoon piercing her body.

 

She had never experienced such intimate, delicate agony.

 

It felt like her insides, not the outside, were being damaged.

 

It felt like her body was splitting in half. Lisbell tried to close her legs in a desperate effort, but he stopped her. With her legs hooked over his arms, Ulrich slammed deep into her.

 

“I told you…”

 

“Ugh, ahi Ah…!”

 

“I said I’d suck your breasts…”

 

His voice, hoarse and low, was scolding. He seemed to be blaming her for rushing him to penetrate instead of continuing the foreplay.

 

But Lisbell barely heard any of it. She was too busy trying to steady her breath, feeling as if she might die.

 

What was this?

 

How could such an act exist in the world? Wasn’t this torture? She had heard that sex was meant to be a pleasure between a man and a woman, but that was a lie. This was a nightmare. It was like experiencing hell while still alive.

 

“Ah…! Ugh…!”

 

“You’re so tight.”

 

Unlike Lisbell, who was in agony, Ulrich groaned in pleasure, enjoying the tight friction. His hand slid down to cup her hollowed-out knee. Leaning his body close, he bent her legs gently, thrusting his hips obscenely.

 

Squelch, squelchi 

 

His smooth shaft moved in and out, tearing her apart. It was like a white serpent eating through flesh. As a result, Lisbell’s vagina, stretched wide, was already red and swollen.

 

“Why don’t you relax? What’s the point of showing off your strength here?”

 

“Ugh, ah…! Ugh…”

 

When he lightly smacked her ass, her entire inner wall shook. The penis lodged inside twitched in response. Its suction was incredible. Clinging tightly, her flesh seemed to devour every bit of his vitality.

 

Whenever she let go and fully received that sensation, a melting pleasure pierced her brain.

 

Ulrich showed no mercy, piston-thrusting in and out. The speed gradually increased until the sound of his thrusts against her perineum echoed like relentless, cruel blows.

 

Lisbell curled up each time, feeling like she was truly being whipped. Sometimes her mind would go numb. Her belly felt unbearably hot, as if she’d swallowed fire, and the constantly opening and closing entrance seemed about to fall out. The sensation was shocking. That was all she could think.

 

Clearly experienced, Ulrich skillfully rotated his hips, driving his penis deep. He lowered his head, looking down at her pubic mound, slightly hairy, where her small hole was struggling to swallow his length. Feeling a pang of sympathy, he let his spit dribble down, spreading it with shallow thrusts, stirring her sticky insides.

 

It was firm enough to feel constriction, yet not entirely unpleasant.

 

And most importantly…

 

“You haven’t even done this with your fiancé, right?”

 

“Ugh, Ah…!”

 

“Then, is this… your first night with someone?”

 

Lisbell opened her eyes dazedly. Her body kept jerking uncomfortably. Her crotch was constantly being rubbed, and the tender flesh throbbed from the unending penetration.

 

She felt like her stomach was being raked with claws as she looked up at Ulrich, who was smiling. It was the grin of a devil.

 

“If that’s true, then…”

 

“Ugh, Ah…!”

 

“Shouldn’t we… be the ones getting married?”

 

His low, spreading laughter was filled with mockery.

 

Unable to hold back, Lisbell let her tears flow.



Chapter 27.


“Continuous thrust seemed to have loosened up your inner walls a bit compared to earlier.”

 

“Uh… Ah! Ahh! Mm! Hah!”

 

Catching his breath, he grabbed Lisbell’s ankles again and deftly plunged inside her. The massive, swollen object throbbed as it entered, hitting deep within her walls.

 

Whami It felt like being punched. Lisbell’s buttocks clenched hard as evidence. Ulrich thoroughly pinned her down and rapidly moved in and out of the narrow passage. Each time his swollen flesh pounded and squelched inside, her limbs and body shuddered. It was an act that truly controlled her entire being.

 

The robust penis moved in and out incessantly, raising the hot, embarrassing heat. Lisbell, now short of breath, lifted her chin and contracted below her navel.

 

Amidst the overwhelming pain, there was a faint sense of arousal. But the pain still dominated. Lisbell’s eyes, now out of focus, wandered in the air. Ulrich kissed her half-dazed mouth.

 

Their bodies stuck together, racing toward the peak.

 

His forearm-sized cock relentlessly pumped below, creating obscene sounds all around. The once tight and constricting inside gradually loosened under the relentless thrusting.

 

Soon, he filled her mouth with his tongue and climaxed. The semen, which he hadn’t released alone for a long time, poured out thickly. Their joined lower bodies became soaked without any chance to hold back.

 

As if regretful, he continued to move his hips, stimulating below even while ejaculating. The creamy fluid, tinged with light crimson, oozed out as his flesh invaded every intimate corner. The distinct, acrid smell of blood lingered somewhere.

 

“Huh… Hah.”

 

The pent-up breath finally burst out of her mouth.

 

It was over.

 

Finally, it was over.

 

Lisbell, her mind in shambles like a collapsed ruin, grabbed the sheets with trembling hands.

 

As he slowly lifted his torso, having stayed inside for quite a while, he barely moved in time. Her clothes were already torn and disheveled, just barely clinging to her body rather than being worn.

 

She suddenly tensed her buttocks and flinched.

 

She felt something trickling down from her sore, swollen opening. It burned and stung, clearly indicating tears without needing to check. It had been an excruciating time.

 

But at least… it was over.

 

Lisbell thought she had endured well, fighting the urge to vomit, as she wriggled out from under him.

 

“What are you doing?”

 

“Ah…!”

 

But just before she could completely pull away, her ankle was seized, dragging her back to her original position. The shadow as dark as ash seemed to engulf her. Lisbell looked up in confusion.

 

Unlike her, laid bare like an open gift box, Ulrich hadn’t removed a single piece of clothing during the entire sex. Now, he was loosening the tie around his neck.

 

“It’s over, right…?”

 

“Over?”

 

Ulrich sneered as he pulled out the tie.

 

“Who said so?”

 

His voice was harsh.

 

No, his voice was still as smooth as silk. The intention conveyed to Lisbell within it was insidious.

 

In the sudden jolt of despair, Lisbell froze like an ice statue and slowly shook her head.

 

“Once… once was enough.”

 

In a desperate plea, she managed to utter, but he only chuckled as he began unbuttoning his shirt one by one. The image of his half-naked body at the pool, basking in the sun and radiating sensual allure, flashed before her eyes.

 

Fear and confusion pooled at the edge of her reason. Tears, which she had forgotten in her pain, welled up again.

 

“I thought… it was just once, and it’s over…”

 

“Ha, where do you get such cute ideas?”

 

The mockery was clear.

 

Do I have to go through this again?

 

Do I have to endure this countless times?

 

Panic washed over her.

 

The act was so shocking that her consciousness seemed on the verge of breaking. The mere experience of being taken by a man she had never imagined a future with made her feel as if the world had collapsed. It was the first time she endured for the sake of her mother.

 

Lisbell knew she couldn’t handle the repeated torment. But when she lifted her tearful face and met his eyes, she realized it was a forlorn hope.

 

Ulrich was smiling.

 

A dangerously beautiful smile that could devour her in an instant. His eyes, gleaming with excessive lust, were the most frightening. They were eyes that couldn’t be reasoned with.

 

The warning lights in her head flared.

 

Lisbell, forgetting her aching body, hurriedly moved her limbs. But before she could escape the bed, her hair was seized.

 

“Ah!”

 

The pain felt like her scalp was tearing, bringing tears to her eyes. Her fragile body swayed before collapsing onto the sheets. The familiar weight pinned her down, making her nauseous.

 

Feeling the churning in her stomach, Lisbell struggled frantically. She didn’t know what she was saying, only that she was begging to be released.

 

“Keep your mouth shut, don’t spoil the mood.”

 

“Huh, huh… No, no…!”

 

“I’m in a really good mood after such a long time, you know?”

 

Her delicate legs bore the imprint of his grip. Matching those marks, Ulrich resumed his earlier brutal actions. The unexpected resistance made him click his tongue in annoyance.

 

Glaring menacingly for a moment, he calmly moved his hands like a predator targeting its prey.

 

“Huh…!”

 

A perilous gasp escaped Lisbell’s mouth.

 

She instinctively shook her head, only to choke herself further. Her limbs froze as she realized that Ulrich had tied her neck to the bedpost with the very black tie she had gifted him.

 

The more she thrashed, the tighter the tie constricted her airway. The thought that her life was in jeopardy made her hesitant, her hand movements faltering.

 

“Mm… It’s suffocating, isn’t it?”

 

Ulrich looked down at her trembling body, pressing her knees together. The swollen entrance, unable to handle the thick shaft, had torn, spilling out semen tinged with light crimson.

 

“I mean… Hah…”

 

“Huh, huh…!”

 

Despite everything, her inner walls secreted some lubrication, making his glans slick. He rubbed it against her wet entrance before slowly inserting it. The flesh entered more smoothly than before, aided by the slickness of the expelled semen.

 

Watching the penetration with intense eyes, he inhaled deeply and thrust hard, as if to scramble her insides.

 

Lisbell’s body twisted in response. He pinned her hands to the sheets, interlocking their fingers in a tender yet cruel bind.

 

“Stay still.”

 

“Huh, huh…”

 

“Unless you want to choke to death…”

 

Her legs, spread wide around his sturdy body, trembled and turned pale. Each spasm made her insides grip him tighter.

 

Ulrich let out a satisfied groan. His breaths, soft and sweet, filled the room with the obscene sounds of flesh slapping against flesh. Beneath it, Lisbell’s sobs of despair softly echoed.


Chapter 28.


It hurts.

 

The first thought that came to mind as she woke up was that. Lisbell huddled her shoulders and let out a small cough. Her whole body ached and shivered as if she was about to come down with a severe fever. She lifted her unusually heavy eyelids to find herself in an unfamiliar environment.

 

“Gasp…!”

 

It didn’t take long for her to realize where she was and what had happened the previous day.

 

Lisbell hurriedly sat up and stifled a silent scream. Her arms, legs, shoulders, waist—there wasn’t a single part of her that didn’t ache. Especially her lower back, which made her dread the idea of sitting down for the rest of the day.

 

“Ugh….”

 

She barely held back a groan and turned to look behind her.

 

And once again, she had to stifle a silent scream.

 

The man who had seemed like a living devil last night was now sleeping with an angelic face.

 

He didn’t wake up even with her movement; his breathing was calm as he lay there.

 

Lisbell, her face pale with fear, watched him for a moment before quietly getting out of bed. She couldn’t suppress a painful groan as she moved, but the thought that he might wake up made her forcefully swallow the sound. As soon as she tightened her vocal cords for his sake, a sharp pain hit her.

 

Her whole body felt like a wreck.

 

Realizing she was naked, Lisbell quietly got out of bed to find her clothes. She stiffened as she felt a liquid trickling down between her legs.

 

She didn’t need to look to confirm it. She didn’t want to. It would only make the memories of last night more vivid.

 

Lisbell looked around and found her clothes scattered around. She picked them up and sneaked towards the bathroom attached to the bedroom.

 

“…Ah….”

 

A lost sigh escaped her lips.

 

Her reflection in the mirror was worse than she had imagined. Her face was swollen from the tears she had shed all night.

 

But what caught her attention more was her neck. It was bruised and discolored from being choked and rubbed by a tie all night. The pain she felt when she swallowed might have been from these wounds.

 

“Ugh….”

 

As soon as she touched her neck, pain shot through her. Lisbell blankly stared at the bruises encircling her neck before she slumped to the floor. Even though the ordeal was over and it was now morning, her heart still pounded. The pain left on her body caused these dreadful aftershocks.

 

Don’t think about it, don’t think about it….

 

It’s over now.

 

There’s no need to think about it anymore.

 

Last night, she secured a promise of mercy in exchange for her ordeal. She would resolve her mother’s issues and return to Misley, where Theodore was.

 

Then she could live as if nothing had happened.

 

That’s how it should be….

 

Even though her life could never be the same, at least she hadn’t suffered to an unbearable extent….

 

A wry smile formed. She knew better than anyone that repeating these words to herself in a corner was a poor consolation.

 

But regret was futile. She had ultimately betrayed her trust with Theodore. It was a path she chose herself. Even regret was deceitful.

 

Her eyelids stung. Tears welled up again from the accumulating thoughts. Lisbell wiped her tears with the back of her hand and quickly turned on the faucet.

 

She hastily cleaned herself under the running water. It would have been nice if everything could just wash away, but it wasn’t that simple. Struggling for a while, Lisbell eventually used her hand to part her buttock and push down on her lower abdomen. Only then did the thick semen start to slip out. It felt horribly disgusting, like expelling something abnormal.

 

Seeing herself in the mirror like this, a wave of humiliation hit her. Fresh tears welled up, but the gushing water hid them. Under the warm water, Lisbell rubbed her eyes repeatedly.

 

After hastily washing herself as if someone were chasing her, she quickly dried off and put on the clothes she had brought. The memory of the letter of mercy Ulrich had neatly signed yesterday came to mind as she buttoned her blouse.

 

Yesterday, definitely….

 

It was in the third drawer.

 

She had endured all that just to get it.

 

Lisbell left the bathroom and approached the desk. Glancing at the bed, she saw Ulrich still sleeping peacefully.

 

Click.

 

She opened the third drawer. Contrary to her expectations, it was empty. Her hand on the drawer handle froze in confusion.

 

She was sure he had put it there yesterday.

 

Was it not here?

 

Feeling bewildered, she hurriedly opened all the drawers above. But they were all empty. No matter how hard she searched, she couldn’t find what she was looking for.

 

It was then.

 

“Pfft.”

 

A chill ran down her spine.

 

Lisbell froze in place and slowly turned her head. Ulrich, who had been sound asleep just moments ago, was now awake and looking at her. Still lying comfortably, his arm draped over his forehead, he looked at her with languid eyes, as if enjoying the morning.

 

“Stealthily.”

 



 

“You’re moving like a cat again today.”

 



 

“I didn’t see a cute tail last night, though….”

 

Ulrich yawned lightly, making nonsensical comments.

 

Lisbell, crouched in front of the drawer, couldn’t move. The air had turned sharp from the moment he laughed, but seeing the carefree man, it seemed only her air had stiffened.

 

A weak nausea rose inside her. The reason he could be so relaxed after such a degrading night… could only be because he had experienced many such nights before.

 

“It’s not there.”

 



 

“I moved it, of course.”

 

Ulrich, slowly stretching his neck side to side, spoke quietly. Unlike her, who had been frantically covering herself and heading to the bathroom, he unabashedly displayed his naked body without a hint of shame.

 

Lisbell quickly turned her head away. When she had seen him at the swimming pool before, she couldn’t find a place to look. Now, she turned away because she feared the memories of last night would resurface.

 

Ignoring her reaction, he put on a robe from the wing chair. Tying the belt loosely, he barely covered himself and approached the desk where Lisbell was sitting with a cigarette in his mouth.

 

“I figured you’d look for it first thing with red eyes.”

 

“…Isn’t your business with me finished?”

 

“Did you sleep well?”

 

“Ulrich.”

 

“Aren’t you hungry?”

 



 

“Let’s go down for breakfast.”

 

Am I talking to a person or a wall? 

 

Lisbell glared at Ulrich, who shamelessly ignored her words.

 

He, standing right in front of her, slowly bent his knees and squatted down.

 

“Oh dear.”

 

With a cigarette in his mouth, he clicked his tongue as he reached out to touch her neck.

 

“Your pretty neck is a mess.”

 



 

“Sorry. I tend to lose sight of everything when I get excited.”

 

His approaching hand looked like a dark abyss. Reflexively, Lisbell slapped it away. The sound echoed through the spacious bedroom, breaking the silence and making the air feel sharp.

 

Lisbell was more surprised by her actions than anyone else.

 

She had never treated anyone like this before, making her own reaction unfamiliar and causing her to resent Ulrich for making her feel this way.

 

She bit her lip and then let go.

 

“I’m fine…I don’t need breakfast”

 



 

“Please give me the letter of mercy.”

 



 

“It’s really over now. I just want to go back to Misley. Please.”

 

She wanted to shout and demand it right away, but she didn’t have the letter in her possession yet. As long as it was in Ulrich’s hands, she had to be compliant. Given his unpredictable behavior, who knew what bizarre act he might commit if his mood soured.

 

Ulrich, looking down at his slapped hand, smiled.

 

Lisbell, avoiding his eyes, flinched when he suddenly grabbed her chin firmly. His face drew close, startling her.

 

“I said, let’s have breakfast first.”

 



 

“Don’t make me repeat myself. I really hate that.”



Chapter 29.


It was not a force that could be escaped by sheer will alone. Even without the problem of physical strength, Lisbell could not refuse this touch. The mockery, with the letter of mercy as its price, continued from night into the morning.

 

Lisbell looked at the man with tearful eyes. His formerly indifferent expression softened, and he released her slender jaw. The same hand that had forcibly spread her legs many times yesterday gently caressed her cheek.

 

“I’ll give it to you after breakfast.”

 



 

“Come down with me.”

 

Without waiting for a response, Ulrich got up and headed for the door. Lisbell, who had been sitting listlessly like she did in the reception room, finally pushed herself up from the floor after a delay.

 

Her legs trembled. Her whole body felt as if it had been bitten by a beast, and she was overcome with a slight nausea. The thought of having to eat in front of this man only made her symptoms worse.

 

But she couldn’t give up the letter of mercy, so she quietly followed him. As they descended the stairs, she became acutely aware of the dire state of her body. The thought of returning to Misley in this condition felt overwhelming.

 

The dining room was absurdly large for a space meant for just one person. Lisbell sat beside Ulrich, who took the head seat. As soon as they were seated, a servant, who seemed to be a long-time employee like a mother, quietly served the meal.

 

Lisbell stared at Ulrich without touching her food. He noticed her gaze as he took a sip of coffee to wake himself up and smirked.

 

After calling a servant and giving instructions that Lisbell couldn’t hear, the door to the dining room opened, and Victor appeared.

 

“I brought what you asked for.”

 

Victor placed the paper in front of him. Lisbell immediately recognized it as the letter of mercy she had been desperately searching for since morning. As she watched it, Victor leaned over and whispered in Ulrich’s ear.

 

“And she just returned.”

 

“Really?”

 

“What should I do?”

 

“What else? She should report immediately.”

 

Ulrich laughed softly as he noticed her lack of interest. He motioned for Victor to come closer again and whispered more instructions. Victor glanced at Lisbell, sighed, and nodded.

 

After the secretary left, Ulrich picked up his glass.

 

“Eat something. You haven’t had a proper meal since last night.”

 

He pointed at Lisbell’s untouched plate. His apparent concern was infuriating. He was the one who had robbed her of her appetite.

 

“I’m not hungry.”

 

“Why not?”

 

The man who knew better than anyone else still asked. It became clear that his question was a command.

 

Lisbell reluctantly picked up her fork. She speared a grilled mushroom, which looked easy to swallow, and pushed it into her mouth. The mushroom’s unique flavor spread, but her nausea persisted.

 

Forcing down a few bites, Victor returned. He placed the items he brought beside Ulrich and left. One was Lisbell’s luggage, left in the reception room yesterday, and the other was a neat white scarf.

 

After placing the luggage under her chair, Ulrich unfolded the scarf. He reached out to Lisbell.

 

Startled, her eyes met his cold, sharp gaze. It was a silent warning. If she swatted his hand away like before, he wouldn’t let it slide. So, she didn’t move as he tied the scarf around her neck.

 

Her hand holding the fork trembled. Memories of yesterday flooded back. What if he choked her with this scarf like he did with the tie last night?

 

While she struggled to calm her shaking mind, Ulrich’s hand withdrew. The scarf hid the bruises on her neck. Lisbell touched the scarf with a bitter expression.

 

“Why…”

 

“Hmm?”

 



 

“Oh.”

 

He answered with a smile in his eyes.

 

“Because I thought you’d want to cover it?”

 

Cover what? From whom?

 

Puzzled, Lisbell stared at him.

 

Knock, knock. The sound of someone knocking broke the silence.

 

“Come in,” Ulrich said in his characteristic low voice. Lisbell’s gaze turned involuntarily towards the door.

 

And then.

 

And then….

 

“Motheri”

 

Mrs. Osborne stood there.

 

She paused, surprised to hear her daughter call her. Her expression showed she had no idea why Lisbell was there.

 

Before the mother and daughter could speak, Ulrich intervened.

 

“Madam, did you have a good trip?”

 

“Yes, sir. I completed the errand you assigned and returned. But why is Lisbell here…?”

 

What?

 

Lisbell couldn’t believe her ears.

 

Errand? Completed? Returned? What is this all about?

 

A dreadful thought briefly crossed her mind.

 

Surely not…

 

No way.

 

To resolve this absurdity, Lisbell looked at him. Ulrich was smiling handsomely as usual. He addressed Mrs. Osborne while looking at Lisbell leisurely.

 

“Lisbell said she had left something at the villa. Since you were away, I received her in your stead.”

 

“My daughter must have been a bother.”

 

“Not at all.”

 

Lisbell froze amidst their casual conversation. The reality of the situation dawned on her. Yet, it was too unbelievable to speak.

 

If what I think is true…

 

Then what have I….

 

“Madam, have you eaten?”

 

“Yes, I had a simple meal on the way back.”

 

“Then you should unpack first.”

 

Mrs. Osborne read the subtle hint to leave and bowed. Her gaze met her daughter’s across the table.

 

Sadly, their eyes did not connect. Lisbell only stared at the man beside her.

 

“I’ll be back soon. Lisbell, wait a bit, okay?”

 

“Don’t worry about Lisbell. I’ll take good care of her.”

 

“Thank you.”

 

She left the dining room, knowing nothing.

 

Lisbell regained her senses after her mother exited. She looked back at the door her mother had just gone through. The questions she hadn’t asked came pouring out.

 

Mother, why are you here?

 

I thought you were under house arrest. How are you moving freely?

 

And why do you greet this man so casually?

 

I knelt and cried, begging this man more desperately than anyone. How could you….

 

“Didn’t I tell you before?”

 



 

“That being a teacher doesn’t suit you, Lisbell.”

 

Lisbell’s head turned awkwardly towards him.

 

Ulrich stabbed a cherry tomato on his plate with a fork. The fruit burst, splattering red juice everywhere. He seemed to be toying with it rather than eating it.

 

Their eyes met.

 

Cutting the almost-squashed tomato in half, he spoke.

 

“You’re too naive…”

 

Lisbell suddenly stood up.

 

Her chair fell back with a thud. Her luggage toppled over as well. Everything was a mess, but Lisbell knew for sure. The biggest mess here was herself.

 

“How…”

 

Her voice trembled as if her vocal cords were being twisted.

 

“How could you do this…”

 

She didn’t know what tricks he had used, but one thing was clear. The whole thing was a lie. The theft accusation against her mother was fabricated.

 

Which means I begged this man pitifully for something that never happened. Worse, I betrayed my fiancé and ended up with this man….

 

“Ugh…”

 

Lisbell felt genuinely sick and staggered. She couldn’t hold onto the table and collapsed. Her mind boiled with anger, frustration, and helplessness. The shameful, hateful night left a deep scar on her heart.


Chapter 30.


Her body sharply honed senses heightened her awareness.

 

The stinging feeling when she swallowed, the lingering discomfort as if something remained inside whenever she moved his lower body… the marks that clung to her body could not be easily washed away with water. Like an indelible brand that couldn’t be removed no matter what she did.

 

“…Let goi”

 

That’s why Lisbell furiously shook off Ulrich’s grip on her wrist. His expression once again bore a sharp warning, but Lisbell, her emotions equally intense, paid no attention to it.

 

Ulrich stared impassively at Lisbell, who was glaring at him furiously. Even the customary smile he usually wore was absent. Lisbell thought that perhaps this was his true face. The gap between when he smiled and when he didn’t was so vast.

 

“You looked pretty when you were crying in bed.”

 



 

“Not at all now, though.”

 

Ulrich whispered in a complaining tone, making a light gesture. Something fluttered and fell into Lisbell’s arms. It was a letter of Mercy that he tossed at her.

 

“Here, take it.”

 



 

“You spread your legs for it, so stop glaring at me.”

 

As she looked at the letter that brushed past her chest and fell to the floor, Lisbell let out a dry laugh.

 

What use is it now?

 

The letter was necessary to save her mother. Yet, the mother who appeared before her was perfectly fine, not hindered in any way. She was not treated as a criminal and was still serving excellently as an employee of this mansion.

 

In other words, the theft incident that had flown to Misley via mail never happened. Therefore, even this letter of Mercy was utterly useless to Lisbell. The black letters on the white background seemed to mock her.

 

Lisbell steadied herself, pressing her trembling hands on the floor, and stood up. She placed the crumpled letter conspicuously on the dining table and picked up her fallen luggage.

 

Even now, her body, which had endured an ordeal all night, creaked and screamed in pain. She stifled a groan, clenching her teeth, and turned her back.

 

There was no reason to stay any longer. More precisely, she didn’t want to be in the same space as this man. The only reason she faced the man she didn’t want to see was to get the letter of Mercy. Now that it was all useless… there was no reason to endure the disgust any longer.

 

To be honest, she had many things she wanted to argue about.

 

She was unfairly treated and felt indignant.

 

She felt like crying out of frustration.

 

But… would anything really be resolved by venting those feelings?

 

She had already lost her purity, it was her choice, and this man was still Altahart.

 

Look, what could have made the non-existent incident seem so real?

 

It was the power he held.

 

A family known to manipulate the capital’s press at will would easily handle the local government like the tongue in their mouth.

 

Could she possibly compete with such a person?

 

If she tried to escalate the issue, nothing would be resolved. Reality was always harsher than dreams. Hence, Lisbell turned without saying a word.

 

She just wanted to return to Misley as soon as possible. She wanted to see Theodore’s face, be held in his broad arms, and be reassured that such an incident would not affect her life or future. Staying here, with this man, might drive her crazy first.

 

“Will you tell your mother?”

 

As she headed toward the door, a voice coiled around her ankle like a snake slithering through the bushes.

 

Lisbell doubted his humanity, mentioning her mother even at the last moment. She once considered him not a bad person. With a bitter smile, she just turned her head.

 

“…Do you still want to act like a benevolent master?”

 

So now, was he trying to silence her?

 

Why bother?

 

Did he like her mother as a subordinate that much? But could such a valuable subordinate be used in such a lowly manner? Perhaps he had a different standard for handling people, one that didn’t adhere to common sense. He might not feel any guilt using people as tools.

 

“Who?”

 



 

“Me?”

 

Her guess wavered. Ulrich’s reaction, as if asking what nonsense she was spouting, confused her.

 

“What do I care about how the subordinates see me?”

 



 

“I’m just curious. Whether Lisbell will talk or not.”

 



 

“Probably not.”

 

Lisbell clenched her fist. She felt her nails dig into her flesh but didn’t relax her grip.

 

She wanted to refute him, but unfortunately, even she couldn’t easily conclude. Her mother was unexpectedly fine and had seen her suddenly appear in Marnia. So, naturally, she would need to explain everything. She would likely ask what she left behind that made her come back.

 

Then there was another crossroads.

 

She could tell her mother everything or hide it.

 

In fact, until she put down the letter of Mercy, she intended to tell everything. Because she had clearly witnessed Ulrich’s disgusting nature. She was genuinely concerned about her mother living with such a vile person.

 

So, she planned to confess and persuade her to quit.

 

But….

 

“Why… do you think that?”

 

“Will you do it?”

 



 

“No, you can’t.”

 

Ulrich never resolved curiosity all at once. What she previously saw as polished manners now seemed like mere vile hobbies.

 

“You can’t do it.”

 

“So…i”

 

“A kind-hearted daughter like Lisbell couldn’t do that, could she?”

 



 

“Could you tell your mother that you were raped by another man while you had a fiancé?”

 

He laughed heartily, as if even saying it was ridiculous. His platinum hair, shaking along with his tilted head, reminded her of a spider web catching the sunlight. Her limbs stiffened as if tied up, helpless.

 

The word he uttered, the sentence it formed, the blatant intention beneath it… the overt mockery.

 

Everything gnawed at Lisbell.

 

Only when the taste of blood spread in her mouth did she realize she had bitten the inside of her cheek hard. And that it reflected her inner state accurately.

 

The situation and her position were strange. When it came to causality, she was clearly the victim. She was forced to give herself to Ulrich Altahart, who blackmailed her using her mother’s false safety.

 

Then why was she so anxious and uneasy?

 

Why was she… while this man brazenly held his head high….

 

“I will tell her.”

 



 

“Everything, everything….”

 

Her trembling voice was wet. No matter how hard she tried to force strength into her throat, she couldn’t shake off the dampness. Ulrich, noticing the sob in her voice, smiled pityingly. Twisted as her feelings were, even that smile felt like mockery.

 

“Really?”

 



 

“Then go ahead.”

 

Ulrich calmly smoothed his unstyled hair and opened a gold-framed case next to a tall candlestick. He took out a cigarette, his actions devoid of any embarrassment or similar emotion.

 

Even her declaration to reveal everything didn’t faze him; he remained composed as if it were someone else’s business.

 

“Only Mrs. Osborne will be pitiful.”

 

He was not just composed… he seemed indifferent.

 

Only then did Lisbell realize that to him, last night’s events were merely a trivial joke. And that the aftermath of it didn’t matter to him at all, as if it were a non-issue.

 

Unlike Lisbell, whose inner self was breaking, he was still and would always be the untarnished Altahart.

 

Those pretty eyes.

 

Those pretty yet repulsive eyes.

 

Those eyes spread out like an endless sea….

 

Unable to endure any longer, Lisbell ran out of the dining room.


Chapter 31 .


Lisbell ran down the hallway without stopping, like someone who only saw what was in front of them. Today, the unusually quiet and eerie mansion resonated only with the sound of her heavy footsteps. She broke into a cold sweat as if she was running toward a destination that would never come. By the time she barely escaped the mansion and crossed the garden, her vision was already soaked. Tears blurred her eyes, soaking her cheeks every time she blinked. She raised her arm and roughly wiped her face.

 

“Lisbelli”

 

She halted abruptly, as if her roots were planted in the ground. In a landscape she could no longer see, a familiar voice that brought peace stopped her in her tracks. She stood there, staring down at her shadow stretching across the ground.

 

Soon, someone grabbed her shoulder and turned her around.

 

“Lisbell, dear.”

 

“…Mother.”

 

“Oh dear, what’s happened to your face….”

 

Mrs. Osborne was at a loss for words upon seeing her daughter’s disheveled and tear-streaked face. Her dry fingers touched Lisbell’s pale cheek.

 

“What happened, dear?”

 

Mrs. Osborne, who had rarely seen her daughter in such a state, was quite alarmed. She had just unpacked at the servants’ quarters and was on her way back to the main mansion. If she hadn’t accidentally seen her daughter running out of the mansion like a panicked person, she wouldn’t have had this chance to catch her.

 

“Stop crying… and calmly tell me what happened. You said you came here because you forgot something.”

 

Hearing her mother’s gentle voice that seemed to wrap around her, Lisbell’s eyelids fluttered wearily. Undrying tears ran across her cheeks.

 

The worried expression, the anxious voice, and the warm, affectionate touch of her mother made Lisbell struggle to move her tongue.

 

“Mother.”

 

“Yes.”

 

“I have a favor to ask.”

 

“A favor?”

 

“Please stop working at this mansion.”

 

Oh, Lisbell sighed inwardly.

 

She couldn’t tell her mother about what happened last night, not even if it killed her. This might play out exactly as Ulrich had predicted, but it wasn’t a matter of pride.

 

“What?”

 

“Please.”

 



 

“I’m begging you.”

 

“What’s this all of a sudden….”

 

“Any other job is fine. You don’t have to move to another country with me. But not here. Anywhere but here.”

 

Mrs. Osborne’s wavering expression turned sharp for a moment.

 

“Did something happen with the master?”

 

Her mother’s fingers, which were holding her, twitched and curled. Lisbell looked down at that hand silently, then forced a smile after a long while.

 

“What happened…..”

 



 

“Just… staying here for a day, I got a bad impression of him. He seems to treat people rather carelessly. He may respect you for now, but who knows when his attitude might change.”

 



 

“So….”

 

She felt like an utter fool for not being able to say more, but she had no other choice.

 

“A kind-hearted daughter like Lisbell couldn’t do that, could she?”

 

“Could you tell your mother that you were raped by another man while you had a fiancé?”

 

She knew she must seem strange, and the situation unfolding as Ulrich had foreseen was excruciating, but none of that mattered compared to the pain her mother would feel if she learned the truth.

 

So ultimately, this matter was.

 

“Just this once, please listen to me.”

 

It’s something I must endure alone….

 



 

The weather turned hot.

 

The lush summer had arrived.

 

Since Marnia was a small town with many nature-friendly elements, the seasonal changes were more pronounced. The leaves, originally a fresh green, turned a vivid green under the sunlight, and the flowers blooming along the stems became vibrant and colorful.

 

“The construction of the Alstad Hotel’s second branch is now in its final stages. If everything proceeds as planned, it should be smooth. Once construction is completed, we will need to run a trial operation, so please provide a guest list for the trial run, and we will send out invitations accordingly.”

 

Thud.

 

Ulrich moved his bishop diagonally one square, pressing it with his index finger.

 

Victor, who was checking something on a document, suddenly grabbed a chess piece. With a mountain of work to deal with, even thinking about where to place the pieces made his brain feel overloaded.

 

But he had to comply quietly whenever he had the chance to keep Ulrich engaged in this way. It was a kind of custom boss management know-how he had developed after serving him for several years.

 

After Victor’s turn, it was Ulrich’s turn again. He crossed his legs and stared at the chessboard. His eyes, lost in thought, looked as if he was completely absorbed in the game. Victor doubted if he was even listening to the business report he was giving.

 

Despite his doubts, Victor continued his report.

 

“And regarding the Alstad Department Store, the shipping costs on the northern coast have recently increased abnormally, so we will inevitably need to adjust our support for delivery costs. However, since the adjustment will be uniform, we may face backlash from other suppliers.”

 



 

“Also, we have received the list of stores that will be newly contracted and opened. Gwen has initially reviewed it.”

 

“Why him?”

 

That guy, suddenly reacting.

 

Victor looked incredulous as he reached for a chess piece during his turn. Given the topic, he somewhat understood the sudden change in demeanor. If he had known he would react so well, he would have brought up Gwen Altahart’s topic from the start.

 

“Since the department store is jointly managed by both of you, it’s only natural to cross-check with him.”

 

“Joint management?”

 



 

“Who decided that?”

 

Ulrich lifted the queen, asking in a soft low voice. He fiddled with the well-defined chess piece, raising his eyebrow.

 

“Hasn’t he sent the written waiver of his shares yet?”

 

“No… not yet….”

 

Ulrich chuckled softly at Victor’s deflated response.

 

“My brother is more persistent than he seems.”

 



 

“He should learn to give up gracefully after losing a bet.”

 

“…You need to speak clearly. Don’t you know who made him act so petty?”

 

“You mean me?”

 

The answer was obvious, but the question was annoying. Victor looked like he wanted to thump his chest.

 

“Really, why did you spread rumors about Gwen’s personal life…i”

 

“He was going to pretend it never happened.”

 



 

“Gwen was the one who broke the brotherly bond first.”

 

Victor felt a throbbing headache and rubbed his face dryly.

 

It had been four years since he graduated from university and started working as an aide to this nobleman.

 

Victor Loisden first met him at university.

 

When he got into a prestigious university, known to be difficult for commoners, he felt like he had the world at his feet. But that feeling didn’t last even a month after enrollment.

 

He encountered a world he hadn’t known at university. Talented people who made him feel like a frog in a well, a grain of sand on the beach, simply by their presence.

 

In a world with a social hierarchy, ‘talent’ referred to those with noble lineage or those who, even without such noble status, had grown wealthy enough from profitable businesses to be respected by nobles.

 

Ulrich Altahart was at the top of that human pyramid. He had been since before any relationships or friendships formed. His last name, ‘Altahart,’ established his position.

 

Even now, it seemed he was destined for fame. Besides inheriting wealth from a lineage of international bankers, he had an extraordinary appearance.

 

His exceptional qualities, combined, made him a center of attention and admiration throughout university.

 

Victor got to know him through a shared class. They started talking because they sat close to each other, leading to the current situation.

 

Damni

 

Victor cursed himself for not running away back then.

 

Of course, being in this position was undoubtedly an honor. Without a noble title or bourgeois background, Victor Loisden was a florist’s son from a small village. Becoming a secretary for Altahart, the nation’s foremost banker, was a village-level event.

 

The problem wasn’t the position of secretary.

 

The problem was his employer.

 

He had noticed some unusual traits during university but had dismissed them. The salary offered with the secretary position was too significant to decline just because of personality.

Chapter 32 .

However, everything in this world comes at a cost.

 

Tasks that are given astronomical amounts of money have a reason for it.

 

From serving under his peer closely, Victor realized that not only Ulrich but his entire family was a den of madness.

 

Do the rich always play around like this?

 

Every time an incident occurred, he couldn’t help but think about how grand the scale was. The grotesqueness was a given, and sometimes it was accompanied by a repulsive discomfort.

 

In other words, they did not hide the obscene and blatant instincts underlying human consciousness. This seemed related to their family background… Perhaps because they could obtain anything easily from a young age, even the elements to alleviate their boredom were extraordinary. Drugs and gang rapes were trivial, so what more could be said?

 

Victor stopped pondering about their humanity. Perhaps it was right after he saw Ulrich mingling with a married woman in a lounge at a charity event hosted by the Iroo family.

 

The lady, with her slender legs wrapped around Ulrich’s waist and moaning loudly, was clearly the hostess of the Iroo family that hosted the event that day.

 

That wasn’t all. The entire family, including Ulrich, was completely depraved. They were devoted to corrupting the customs with all their might. Perhaps it was lucky that they had the power to control and manipulate the media, allowing them to hide such aspects.

 

“Should I sue him?”

 

“What?”

 

“It’s clearly a breach of contract. Don’t you think we could do it if we got a lawyer?”

 

Ulrich, as if he was about to reach for the phone, twitched his fingers resting on his knee. Victor covered his face with his hands, hoping he would refrain.

 

“So, are you planning to form a family lawyer team?”

 

“If possible.”

 

“And then sue Young Master Gwen? Do you think that makes sense?”

 

“Things that don’t make sense often do, when money is involved.”

 

Nothing about serving a nobleman was easy, but recently, the most troubling issue was this. The disputes between the Altahart brothers, who were always at each other’s throats since childhood, only intensified as they grew older.

 

The reason Ulrich ended up at the secluded Marnia villa was also related to this.

 

It started with a trivial bet.

 

The Altahart family’s business had diversified into several fields over time.

 

Under the leadership of the Altahart matriarch, who took over the international banking sector following her late husband, the two brothers each carved out their own business territories based on their interests and positions.

 

The eldest son, Gwen Altahart, who was set to become the head of the family, took control of the oil industry, which showed great potential following banking. Ulrich, on the other hand, took charge of the hotel business in the capital, which he had steadily developed since coming of age. Other sectors like the jewelry and wine industries were also divided under their names.

 

The only business they shared jointly was a department store in the capital.

 

The department store, with five floors built along the main street next to the square, boasted much higher profits than expected. It could leverage various family businesses, was useful for managing connections, and had a bright future.

 

The department store, which both brothers coveted, had not been clearly divided, and thus had been jointly operated. During this time, they relentlessly tore each other apart.

 

In Victor’s view, Ulrich was the more talented businessman. He had an instinctive sense of how to roll money to make it grow.

 

In contrast, Gwen, the eldest, was greedy but lacked skills. The profits from his projects were largely due to the inherent profitability of the business rather than his ability. If Ulrich had taken on those projects, the profit margins would have been at least twice as high.

 

Gwen wasn’t a particularly good manager. However, being an Altahart, he was also prideful. He had big dreams and was greedy.

 

Naturally, he interfered with the department store business frequently.

 

When problems arose due to his interference, he never reconsidered his decisions but instead blamed his subordinates. When frustrated, he would call in high-class prostitutes and lock himself in his bedroom for days, indulging in drugs and merrymaking.

 

Gwen was neither responsible nor thoughtful.

 

In contrast, Ulrich only interfered when necessary, and though he found everything a bother, he saw tasks through to the end. This wasn’t always the case; he seemed to find pleasure in watching money grow based on his decisions as he inherited more of the family’s business.

 

The bet over the department store management rights stemmed from such trivial disagreements.

 

“You crazy bastard… Ulrich, do you even think? The new tenants on the third floor must be the finest whiskey from the Hohen Kingdom. Are you going to stash that precious cash cow somewhere?”

 

“Gwen, did you plug your ears? We’re planning to clear out the store and turn it into a tea room. The construction schedule is already set, and we’re about to start. What nonsense are you talking about?”

 

“Tea room? Tea roooom? In a department store where people come to spend money? Do you want them to sit and listen to orchestras and laugh? Is this a party hall? Are you not planning to sell goods? It’s more profitable to increase tenants and salesi”

 

“Wanna bet?”

 

“What?”

 

“Whether the department store’s total sales will increase or decrease after the tea room is established.”

 

“Hah, look at this lunatic. Fine, let’s bet. I bet it will decrease.”

 

“I bet it will increase.”

 

“The deadline is three months after the construction.”

 

“Fine.”

 

“What will you give up if I win?”

 

“The management rights of the department store.”

 

“What?”

 

“I’m sick of this constant bickering. Let’s settle this once and for all. The loser steps back.”

 

“You short-sighted fool… Fine, let’s end thisi”

 

In the end, Ulrich was the winner.

 

The tea room, established in a department store with no suitable gathering place, became a new social hub for the upper class.

 

The upper class’s desire to show off could not be overlooked. People who used to visit the department store casually began to spruce up their appearance. They gathered in groups, eager to find something that made them stand out.

 

The most notable thing was the shopping list, of course.

 

People engaged in subtle competitions to show who had the deepest pockets by buying the most expensive items. As a result, the department store’s sales skyrocketed.

 

Thus, the department store became Ulrich’s.

 

At least, that’s what Ulrich and his secretary, Victor, thought.

 

The variable was Gwen.

 

Despite his loud declaration to settle things, Gwen played dumb when the results didn’t favor him. It was a cowardly stance, but since the promise was verbal, there was no tangible evidence.

 

But Ulrich didn’t back down easily. Every morning, the first thing he did was send a letter of renunciation of joint management rights to his brother’s bedroom. Gwen, of course, ignored him.

 

After more than twenty letters were ignored, Ulrich’s patience ran out.

 

“…Oh my god.”

 

One morning, Victor, while sipping strong coffee and reading the newspaper, spat out his drink.

 

What the…?

 

He couldn’t believe his eyes as coffee dripped from his lips.

 

Altahart’s eldest son. The heir of the family. Gwen Altahart. Homosexual. Prostitute. Male prostitute. Orgy. Drugs. Sex scandal. Engagement. Schwaben family.

 

All kinds of obscene and dirty words adorned the front page of the capital’s tabloids.

 

Naturally, the family was in an uproar.

 

Investing an enormous amount every quarter to manage the media was to ensure that such sordid personal lives were never exposed.

 

They had so tightly controlled the flow of information that not a hint of truth had ever leaked, maintaining an image of nobility and mystery. Despite the sordid reality, the Altaharts were revered as wealthy elites by the people of Rechem.

 

The perfect sandcastle they had built was now on the verge of collapsing.

 

Victor was particularly shocked.

 

It was only natural.

 

The one who had leaked this horrific scandal was his own boss, Ulrich.


Chapter 33.


As soon as Victor regained his senses, he was summoned to the mansion.

 

Dragged before his employer, Victor reported everything he knew. Meanwhile, Gwen Altahart crumpled up tabloid papers with his face plastered across them, cursing loudly, and their mother, Lady Altahart, rubbed her temples with an exasperated look.

 

“So, in the end…”

 



 

“Are you saying this mess all started from a bet?”

 

“Yes, ma’am…”

 

“Unbelievable, I’m at my wits’ end.”

 

Lady Altahart, the current head of the family, was at a loss for words at her two adult sons, behaving no better than seven-year-old children.

 

Gwen, seething with anger, shouted from the side.

 

“Motheri Please issue a summons for this wretch immediatelyi”

 

“Gwen, calm yourself.”

 

“How can I calm down? We’ve always maintained strict privacyi It’s a principle our family has upheld meticulously since our ancestors’ times. This rascal has gone too far. Such a disgraceful method is intolerable as an Altaharti”

 

“And is your behavior as the loser of the bet acceptable as an Altahart?”

 

“Motheri”

 

“Enough, keep your mouth shut. Right now, it’s not Ulrich tarnishing the Altahart name but your vulgar lust, shamelessly showing itself without regard for men or women.”

 

Lady Altahart sternly reprimanded her eldest son and sighed deeply. The young handsome man standing behind her cautiously patted her shoulder.

 

Gwen laughed at the sight. To criticize his preferences while his mother selected the most handsome men from the capital as her bedmates wasn’t much different.

 

“Victor.”

 

“Yes, ma’am.”

 

“You need to go to Ulrich.”

 

Ulrich had utterly shattered the family’s principle of secrecy and leisurely left the capital at dawn. It was a swift escape, anticipating this mess.

 

But then again, when hadn’t he been like that?

 

He was never in the present. Sometimes fearfully, sometimes tenaciously, he glimpsed beyond with meticulous precision.

 

Anyhow, the ensuing chaos continued to this day.

 

Victor found himself caught in the middle of this mess. The capital was demanding Ulrich’s return urgently, but his boss showed no intention of returning. Instead, he seemed to be settling in this place called Marnia, enjoying the tranquil days.

 

“This isn’t fun.”

 

Or maybe “enjoying” wasn’t the right word.

 

Checkmate.

 

Victor’s king was surrounded on the chessboard. Ulrich flicked the king over with a finger, toppling the surrounding pieces.

 

With a perfect visual victory, Ulrich lit a cigarette with a bored expression.

 

“What about the investigation I asked for?”

 

Victor sighed. This wasn’t the time to discuss such trivial matters, but it was better to appease him than to irritate him.

 

He retrieved some documents from a pile.

 

“You wanted information on Theodore Motier and his family.”

 

He found and handed over the desired paper. Ulrich, adjusting the cigarette in his mouth, flipped through it. Watching him read, Victor voiced his ongoing doubt.

 

“They run a small factory in the Renbruck industrial complex. Is there a problem with them?”

 

“They keep coming to mind.”

 

“Excuse me? What keeps coming to mind?”

 

Ulrich fell silent again.

 

Victor, accustomed to his unilateral silence, continued to search for any remaining reports.

 

“A textile factory?”

 

Ulrich, exhaling leisurely, muttered the words written on the paper.

 

“Yes? Ah, yes.”

 

“Is there a large farm in Renbruck?”

 

“There are fertile fields on the outskirts of the city. They contract with those farms to procure raw materials.”

 

Ulrich nodded faintly.

 

He continued reading with frightening concentration until more than half of his cigarette was gone.

 

Actually, with each line he read, different thoughts filled his mind.

 

“Ugh, ugh…!”

 

“I thought it was just once, and it was all over….”

 

His thigh stung. He was so deep in thought he didn’t notice the cigarette ash falling on his leg. He just stared at the mark and muttered.

 

“It keeps coming to mind.”

 

“…What keeps coming to mind?”

 

It was petty revenge.

 

Repaying a rejection at the pavilion with a forcefully obtained one-night stand. He wouldn’t deny the underlying selfishness, but more vividly, it was the desire to restore his wounded pride.

 

Using Lady Osborne as a means, blackmailing her with maternal love, and indulging in the delicate body as he pleased for a night.

 

Ulrich felt no moral guilt from these actions. The injury she might suffer was nothing compared to his need to relieve his unpleasant mood.

 

All his relationships were like that. He valued his own emotional fluctuations more than a person’s life.

 

And he thought once was enough for such a ruthless solution. After resolving the irritation, he expected his peace to return.

 

But it kept…

 

“Her crying face was beautiful.”

 



 

“So it keeps coming to mind….”

 

Victor had a puzzled look, not understanding a word. Before he could ask more, there was a knock on the closed door. After a brief wait, Lady Osborne appeared.

 

“I brought new refreshments.”

 

“Ah, thank you.”

 

Victor thanked her and clumsily cleared the document-filled table. Meanwhile, Lady Osborne approached and set down the tray.

 

Ulrich shifted his gaze from the papers to her.

 

Lady Osborne had submitted her resignation a few days ago. She didn’t specify the reason, but Ulrich had a good guess.

 

Lisbell must have persuaded her.

 

But her attitude showed no sign of contempt or discomfort, suggesting she hadn’t told her everything.

 

See, I told you.

 

She couldn’t bring herself to speak about it.

 

A woman who tears up at the mere mention of her mother wouldn’t dare reveal such intimate details. Ulrich chuckled. Lady Osborne glanced at him while pouring the drinks. He shook his head to indicate it was nothing.

 

He turned his gaze to the window.

 

The sunlight was harsh, and the occasional wind that stirred the leaves and buds was hot.

 

Marnia was in the midst of a full-blown summer.

 

Summer at its peak would gradually lose its heat.

 

He had never regretted this before, even despising the heat, wishing each year for it to pass quickly… but now he wanted time to slow down.

 

Because there was a bride for late summer.

 



 

Ulrich lowered his eyes.

 

Without realizing it, he had crushed the cigarette between his fingers.

 

The small bits of cigarette dirtied his fingers.

 

He stared at the mess, brushing it off with his thumb as if he had discovered something strange. Victor, puzzled, handed him a handkerchief. Accepting it, Ulrich repeatedly wiped and examined his fingers.

 

Finally, when his hands were clean, Ulrich spoke.

 

“Ma’am.”

 

“Yes, sir?”

 

“Late summer will be here soon.”

 

“Excuse me?”

 

“Is Lisbell’s wedding preparation going well?”

 

“Ah… yes, I believe so.”

 

Hmm, is that so?

 

It wasn’t welcoming news.

 

“Where is the wedding going to be held?”

 

“Misley.”

 

“Misley, in the east.”

 

Ulrich repeated, smiling lazily.

 

It had always been a lingering doubt.

 

Even now, it was vague, but one thing was clear.

 

The reason he didn’t want late summer to come.

 

“It’s not as far as I thought, which is good.”

 

He wanted to ruin Lisbell’s wedding.

Chapter 34.


Mrs. Osborne tilted the coffee pot, releasing a stream of steam. The faint aroma of coffee intensified, filling the room. The foil-adorned coffee cup floated in her hand, just before it was placed on the table.

 

Crashi

 

Victor, who had been tidying the pile of papers, looked startled. He stood up immediately upon seeing the shattered cup on the floor.

 

“Madam, are you alright? Did any shards hit you?”

 

“Oh, no. I’m fine.”

 

“This is unfortunate. It’s completely broken.”

 

“I’m sorry. It was my mistake…”

 

Victor nodded as if he understood and bent down. Warning her to be careful of the sharp fragments, he began clearing the larger pieces.

 

Meanwhile, Ulrich remained motionless, simply observing the scene. His deepening gaze was fixed on Mrs. Osborne, or more precisely, on her hand that had been holding the cup.

 

“Madam.”

 

“Yes, Master.”

 

“Did your hand shake just now?”

 

To Ulrich’s knowledge, she did not suffer from tremors. Thus, the earlier movement seemed very unnatural. To him, it signified only one thing.

 

“Is there something wrong with your health?”

 

“No, nothing at all. I’ll prepare a fresh pot of coffee immediately.”

 

Though she tried to maintain a professional demeanor, Ulrich noticed her hesitation before grabbing the pot again, a sign that the earlier tremor was involuntary.

 

Come to think of it…

 

He recalled the errand he had sent her on the previous day.

 

A fabricated incident involving bribing the Marnia officials and other related tasks. Mrs. Osborne needed to leave the villa temporarily to deceive Lisbell.

 

Despite Victor’s presence, Ulrich had insisted on sending Mrs. Osborne on the errand.

 

She took longer than expected.

 

It was a simple task—delivering an entrusted item to a foreign family with whom they had long-standing ties. For Victor, with a family-provided carriage, it would have been a day’s job. But Mrs. Osborne took longer than anticipated, making it barely in time to avoid ruining everything.

 

Timing worked out, so Ulrich hadn’t questioned it then. But now, he understood that her health might have delayed her.

 

“Is your health the reason you submitted your resignation a few days ago?”

 

Mrs. Osborne looked up as she set the hastily brewed coffee in front of Ulrich. He smiled at her before turning to Victor.

 

“Victor, is there a doctor we can summon from the city?”

 

“A doctor?”

 

While Victor questioned this, Mrs. Osborne quickly straightened, realizing Ulrich’s intention.

 

“Master, I appreciate your concern, but I assure you I am fine. There’s no need to worry.”

 

“To me, this isn’t even a concern, Madam.”

 

“But…”

 

“Consider it my kindness before you resign.”

 



 

“Our meeting here is fate, after all.”

 

Fate.

 

Ulrich smirked, unwilling to listen to any objections. He unfolded a paper, savoring the word. It felt pleasant on his tongue.

 

He smiled quietly, a serene smile that subdued the fierce summer sun.

 



 

Giggles, giggles.

 

Listening to the children’s innocent laughter, Lisbell leaned back. She sat on an old bench, the only shaded area behind the orphanage. Recently, the summer had deepened, causing sweat to pour out just by standing outside for a moment.

 

“Oh…!”

 

Something touched her cheek as she sat absentmindedly.

 

Startled, she straightened to find Theodore, who had been playing with the children, approaching. He held a reddish flower and smiled brightly.

 

“You scared me. What’s with the flower?”

 

“It’s a trumpet vine. I brought it to show you since it bloomed inside.”

 

Theodore sat beside her and placed the flower behind her ear, making her laugh. He then gently touched her forehead.

 

“How do you feel?”

 

“Much better.”

 

“Still, you should rest today. There’s no need to push yourself.”

 

Hesitating, Lisbell took his hand from her cheek and shook her head, indicating she was fine.

 

She knew why he was worried.

 

Since returning from Marnia, Lisbell had been ill for a week.

 

It started with muscle pain. Seeing Theodore at the train station, her tension melted away, and her whole body ached. Every step felt heavy and painful.

 

Back at the orphanage, she developed a fever. Her body rebelled, realizing it was finally home.

 

For days, she suffered a severe fever, her white skin blooming with heat rashes.

 

Theodore took care of her devotedly, cooling her with cold hands, wiping her sweat, and holding her when she felt nauseous.

 

After a week of care, she recovered. By then, the wound inflicted by Ulrich had also improved. Luckily, Theodore thought she had a simple fever.

 

“I should inform Madam. She was very worried about you.”

 

After three days of fever, when she could finally speak, Lisbell answered Theodore’s pressing questions.

 

The events in Marnia were just a misunderstanding, she said.

 

Everything was resolved.

 

Her mother was safe.

 

There were no problems….

 

Half-truths and half-lies.

 

When she finished, Theodore hugged her tightly. In his arms, she vaguely realized it was more about convincing herself than him.

 

Feeling his gentle touch, Lisbell sensed her heart pounding with foreboding.

 

A heavy burden had settled in her heart.

 

She now had a secret she could never share with Theodore.

 

Ulrich’s presence had changed everything. Now, she had something to hide from Theodore.

 

She returned to Misley longing for his warmth, but every embrace made her anxious. The burden in her heart grew.

 

“The weather is so hot; it must be uncomfortable not tying your hair.”

 

Theodore tucked her grey hair behind her ear, his touch lingering on her exposed white neck. The sensation made Lisbell flinch.

 

“I-it’s fine. This much is okay.”

 

But the evidence of what she tried to hide remained.

 

The bruise on her neck.

 

The scarf Ulrich had given her had hidden it from her mother. But she had thrown it away the moment she left the villa, unable to bear it.

 

So, Theodore saw the bruise. She blamed it on a fall, but even she knew it was a weak excuse. Her poor condition had deflected further questions.

 

“Lisbell, by any chance….”

 

Theodore began to speak after a moment of silence.

 

Thud, roll.

 

Something rolled to Lisbell’s feet.

 

A bright red apple. 


Chapter 35.


A round shape cast a long shadow behind it.

 

Lisbell held her breath.

 

It had been like this ever since she started seeing those dismal shadows. After witnessing someone’s cruel nature in the shadows that must form as brilliantly as the afternoon light, she often found herself like this.

 

“Lisbelli”

 

A girl with short hair and a petite frame, Mary, suddenly appeared. The world that had momentarily stopped for Lisbell resumed its normal pace.

 

Mary picked up an apple that had rolled to Lisbell’s feet and held it out to her.

 

“It’s a fallen fruit.”

 

Lisbell blinked and then laughed.

 

“Is this for me?”

 

“Yesi”

 

“Thank you. But weren’t we all harvesting together? What if you get scolded later for giving this to me secretly?”

 

Behind the orphanage, there was a small garden and a modest apple orchard. The apples were used for the children’s education, for their meals, and were even sold at the market near the port.

 

Teachers and children had gathered here early in the morning to harvest the ripe apples. Lisbell had come out to experience the bustle firsthand.

 

“Well, the teacher said this was a fallen fruit, so it’s not needed.”

 

“Ah…”

 

Lisbell looked at the fruit in Mary’s hand. Mary, clinging to her knee, asked,

 

“Hey, Lisbell, what’s a fallen fruit?”

 

“It’s a fruit that falls from the tree before it’s harvested.”

 

“I see. But why isn’t it needed?”

 

“Well… When a fruit falls to the ground, it gets bruised or dirty, so its value decreases.”

 

Though she explained it logically, Lisbell also found it hard to understand. Looking around, the apple only had some dirt on it, and seemed otherwise fine.

 

But to think its market value dropped just because it fell before proper harvesting.

 

It seemed unfair to the fruit, which probably didn’t fall on purpose. Lisbell rubbed the apple’s surface with her sleeve, revealing a transparent red hue.

 

“Thanks. Even if it’s a fallen fruit, it’s a precious gift to me.”

 

“Really?”

 

She patted Mary’s head as the girl, with a flushed face, asked again. Mary, who had been chattering while leaning on Lisbell’s knee, dashed off as soon as she heard someone calling her from afar.

 

Lisbell looked down at her knee where the child’s warmth had vanished. An apple and a single trumpet creeper blossom lay neatly on it.

 

“Do you like it that much?”

 

“Huh?”

 

“You couldn’t take your eyes off it.”

 

“Just…”

 

Looking at it brought her peace. Her turbulent mind calmed, and the inexplicable anxiety subsided. Perhaps it was the warmth she had always felt in Misley.

 

So, is this my sanctuary?

 

As Lisbell toyed with the vibrant red petals, she glanced to the side.

 

“By the way, wasn’t there something you wanted to say earlier?”

 

“Oh.”

 

He awkwardly scratched the back of his neck.

 

“Well… I was wondering if something happened in Marnia.”

 

The hand playing with the petals stopped.

 

“Since you came back, you seem to be in a daze more often.”

 

“…Nothing happened.”

 

“Really? Maybe it’s just travel fatigue since you had to rush back and forth. The distance between the two regions is quite significant.”

 

“Yeah, probably.”

 

Her mind seemed to short-circuit for a moment.

 

She couldn’t think about what expression she was making or how it might look to Theodore.

 

“Theo, sorry if I made you worry.”

 

“It’s finei We’re about to get married, so it’s natural for me to take care of you.”

 

“…Right.”

 

“Wow, time really flies. It feels like just yesterday when we told the director together. Don’t you think so?”

 

Looking up at the sky, Theodore reminisced as he pushed her long hair back and stroked her cheek. His hand felt warmer than before.

 

No, her skin had cooled that much.

 

Or perhaps it was her heart….

 

“Anyway, we can’t fall behind the kids. I’ll join in and finish quickly. Lisbell, if it gets too hot, don’t push yourself and go rest insidei”

 

Lisbell watched Theodore’s lithe figure as he shouted and dashed off. All that remained was the pounding of her heart.

 

As she stood there, she noticed a crushed flower petal. The wrinkles from being squished looked grotesque. She couldn’t even remember when it had ended up in such a state.

 

That was the problem.

 

Her sanctuary had started to crack.

--


Continued in part 1.2
